p10/attributes.md, before:

# Predefined Properties
Each creature has some arbitrarily decided values to describe what they are.<br>
These are then used to determine other, less arbitrary values.

## Attributes
Every creature has four different Attributes; Strength, Agility, Will, and Intelligence, expressed as a value between 0 and 5. <br>
0 | 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 
:---: | :---: | :---: | :---: | :---: | :---: 
"Normal" | "Good" | "Impressive" | "Significant" | "Amazing" | "Legendary"
#### <br>

When you create your character, use one of the following methods to determine its Attributes:
+ Assign each of the following values to a different Attribute of choice: 1, 2, 3, 4.
+ For each Attribute, roll a d20 and set its value to the result divided by 4 (rounded down).
+ Use 20 cards, 10 "zeros" and 10 "ones". Divide into four piles of 5 cards and assign the sum of each pile to a different Attribute.
#### <br>

*Note: Your attributes will start off great, much better than any commoner, even at "level 0". This is to let you act as a heroic adventurer from the get-go! They will generally NOT increase. That kind of improvement over time is what Experience is for.*<br>

## Strength
Your physical power. Used to lift, damage, and withstand force from physical objects and creatures. <br>
Skills: Athletics, Brawn, Endurance, and Guts. <br>
Save: Resist effects that would mess you up, inside or outside, by simply toughing them out.
Other benefits: Your Strength Value contributes to your carrying capacity, Maximum HP, and Martial Might.

### Agility
Your motorical coordination. Used to move your body or interact with objects with grace or subtelty.<br>
Skills: Acrobatics, Finesse, Handling, and Stealth.<br>
Save: Evade threats that suddenly surge past or burst out by dodging out of harms way.<br>
Other benefits: Your Agility Value contributes to your Defence and Martial Might.

### Will
Your force of personality. Used to influence, manipulate, and inspire friends and foes alike.<br>
Skills: Authority, Intuition, Performance, Suggestion.<br>
Save: Push back against being overwhelmed through sheer volition. Also used to maintain Concentration.<br>
Other benefits: Your Will Value contributes to your attunement capacity, Maximum MP, and Magic Might.

### Intelligence
Your sharpness of mind. Used to recall information or solve problems with reason or wisdom.<br>
Skills: Crafting, Lore, Investigation, Medicine.<br>
Save: Snap out of having your senses or your self being altered through realizing something is wrong.<br>
Other benefits: Your Intellect Value contributes to your Awareness, and Magic Might.

## Size
Each creature has a predefined Size that determines how much space it takes up.<br>
A player should be Medium.<br>
Size | Board Space | Value | Examples
:---|:---|:---|:---
Tiny | 1x1 | 1 | Shoes, Cats, Pixies
Small | 1x1 | 2 | Backpacks, Dogs, and Goblins
Medium | 1x1 | 3 | Coffins, Wolves, and Humans
Large | 2x2 | 4 | Carriges, Bears, and Trolls
Huge | 3x3 | 5 | Trees, Elephants, and Giants
Gargantuan | 4x4 or more | 5 | Houses, Dragons, and Avatars of Dieties
####

A creature's base Reach is equal to their smallest dimension on a battle map.<br>
A creature's base Throwing Range is equal to four times their reach.<br>
A player character's base Speed is 4 Paces.<br>
When a creature or object is used as a weapon without Damage (X) property, its baseline damage is equal to its Size Value.

## Sentience
Each creature has a predefined level of Sentience, mostly for funsies :)<br>
A player should be Cognizant.
*(For non-players it correlates with the number of Actions the creature has)*<br>
Sentience | Value | Examples
:---|:---|:---
Reactive | 1 | Carnivorous Plants
Primitive | 2 | Mundane Animals
Cognizant | 3 | Ordinary People 
Enhanced | 4 | Great Sages?
Ascendant | 5 | Beings of a higher existance.

# Derived Values
A creature's Maximum HP (without bonuses) is equal to its Strength + its Size Value.<br>
A creature's Maximum MP (without bonuses) is equal to its Will + its Sentience Value.<br>
A creature's Initial Stress is equal to 10 - its Intelligence.

## Might: Martial & Magic
A creature's *Martial Might* is equal to its Size Value + its Strength + its Agility + its Combat Mastery.<br>
A creature's *Magic Might* is equal to its Sentience Value + its Will + its Intelligence + its Combat Mastery.

## Defence & Awareness
A creature's Defence is equal to 10 + the size of its Agility + its Protection + its Level. (Protection is granted from specific Talents or by wearing armor. If you have multiple available non-bonus values, you must select one to apply.)<br>
A creature's Awareness is equal to 10 + the size of its Intelligence + its Perception + its Level. (Perception is gained from specific talents or by having acute senses? If you have multiple available non-bonus values, you must select one to apply.)

# Skill Descriptions
The 16 main skills are meant to be used as flexible reference points, with potential results defined for succeeding and/or failing.

## Acrobatics
Perform gymnastic feats and impressive aerial maneuvers.
+ A rogue tries to gracefully move through a giants space and past it. He makes a Test of Acrobatics (Difficulty = the giant's Martial Might). On a fail, the giant blocks the path and stops him. On a success, the giant slips up and he slips by unhindered. <br>
+ A knight runs across an unexpectedly slippery floor. He makes a Test of Acrobatics (Diffuculty = 5) with Disadvantage due to him being surprised. On a fail, he slips and stops moving. On a success, he may continue moving as normal. <br>
+ A monk uses a hanging vine to swing across a pit of spikes. She makes a Test of Acrobatics (Difficulty = 20). On a fail, she falls to her doom. On a success, she makes it to the other side. <br>
#### <br>

## Athletics
Complete olympic challenges and perform demanding deeds.
+ A barbarian <br>
+ An exorcist <br>
+ A monk <br>
#### <br>

## Authority
Force other people to change how they view you and whoever you choose to represent.
+ A cleric holds a sermon to restore hope in a town that has been ravaged by a dragon. He makes a Test of Authority (Difficulty = 10 + the dragon's CR). On a fail, the people remain distraught. On a success, they may be rallied to stand up and face the monster. <br>
+ A knight stands face to face with a general on the cusp of launching a terrible war. She makes a Test of Authority (Difficulty = the general's Awareness). On a fail, the general makes the order to launch his first attack. On a success, peace may be maintained for the time being. <br>
+ A bard infiltrates an exclusive ball as "the Dutchess of Bogus", but is not on the invitation list. She makes a Test of Authority (Difficulty = the bouncer's Awareness). On a fail, she is thrown out and the security now knows of the infiltration attempt. On a success, the bouncer apologizes for *daring* to question the great dutchess. <br>
#### <br>

## Brawn
Use sheer physical power to push, pull, lift, or break objects.
+ A knight <br>
+ A barbarian <br>
+ A druid <br>
#### <br>

## Crafting
Create new objects from other materials and know they will work as intended.
+ A knight creates a make-shift grappling hook using a throwing spear and some rope. She makes a Test of Crafting (Difficulty = 10). On a fail, the knots dont keep the rope on the spear when thrown. On a success, the spear can be thrown and the rope stay on securely enough to be climbed. <br>
+ A wizard tries to store a spell in a magical scroll. He makes a Test of Crafting (Difficulty = 10 + the Spell's Rank) with Advantage thanks to his "calligraphy" training. On a fail, the effort and materials are wasted as the spell fails to settle. On a success, a spell scroll is created without issue. <br>
+ A barbarian sits down to carve a set of sticks into a simple flute with his blade. He makes a Test of Crafting (Difficulty 15) with disadvantage due to his greatsword being a clunky carving tool. On a fail, the flute ends up being too faulty to properly play. On a success, it turns out as a fine instrument that could be played before an audience. <br>
#### <br>

## Endurance
Push through obsticales and ailments rife with prolonged effort and pain.
+ A <br>
+ A <br>
+ A <br>
#### <br>

## Finesse
Make precise movements using your arms, hands, and fingers.
+ A rogue attempts to pick the lock on a door. He makes a Test of Finesse (Difficulty = 15) with Advantage thanks to his "thievery" training. On a fail, the door remains locked. On a success, it smoothly clicks open. <br>
+ A ranger attempts to trigger an old bear trap in a safe manner. She makes a Test of Finesse (Difficulty = 10). On a fail, her hand is caught in the trap and she takes damage. On a success, she evades its bite. <br>
+ A bard playing cards attempts to stack the deck in his favor. He makes a Test of Finesse (Difficulty = the opponent's Awareness). On a fail, he fumbles his shuffling and reveals his cheating attempt to the table. On a success, the deck is now stacked and he wins the next hand. <br>
#### <br>

## Guts
Push your body beyond any reasonable limits? Be gross?
+ A barbarian partakes in an eating competition. Each round, every participant makes a Test of Guts. The lowest result is eliminated from the competition. <br>
+ A <br>
+ A <br>
#### <br>

## Handling
Direct creatures towards specific paths and steer vehicles through precarious stunts.
+ A <br>
+ A <br>
+ A <br>
#### <br>

## Intuition
Gain deepened insight into your situation and know undiscovered truths.
+ A rogue suspects that the street musician isn't being entirely honest and want to confirm his suspicion. He makes a Test of Intuition (Difficulty 15). On a fail, he gains no additional insight. On a success, the DM declares out loud: "Of course he isn't. He doesn't trust adventurers, some of them could be after him, and he can't know who after his bounty". <br>
+ A <br>
+ A <br>
#### <br>

## Investigation
Discern hidden details and draw accurate conclusions.
+ A <br>
+ A <br>
+ A <br>
#### <br>

## Lore
Recall informative academia or stories of cultural significance.
+ A <br>
+ A <br>
+ A <br>
#### <br>

## Medicine
Herbs, poisons, first aid, anatomy... ???
+ A <br>
+ A <br>
+ A ranger <br>
#### <br>

## Performance
Be the star in captivating shows and believably act out defined roles.
+ A <br>
+ A <br>
+ A <br>
#### <br>

## Stealth
Evade detection... ???
+ A <br>
+ A <br>
+ A <br>
#### <br>

## Suggestion
Influence the ways people think and how they decide to act on their thoughts.
+ A <br>
+ A <br>
+ A <br>
#### <br>

Commit message:

"The Skill Bonus"
No more Skill Grades!
Manual learning (of Spells etc.)
Final Damage Type Names
Lots of talents!

p10/attributes.md, after:

# Predefined Properties
Each creature has some arbitrarily decided values to describe what they are.<br>
These are then used to determine other, less arbitrary values.

## Attributes
Every creature has four different Attributes; Strength, Agility, Will, and Intelligence, expressed as a value between 0 and 5. <br>
0 | 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 
:---: | :---: | :---: | :---: | :---: | :---: 
"Normal" | "Good" | "Impressive" | "Significant" | "Amazing" | "Legendary"
#### <br>

When you create your character, use one of the following methods to determine its Attributes:
+ Assign each of the following values to a different Attribute of choice: 1, 2, 3, 4.
+ For each Attribute, roll a d20 and set its value to the result divided by 4 (rounded down).
+ Use 20 cards, 10 "zeros" and 10 "ones". Divide into four piles of 5 cards and assign the sum of each pile to a different Attribute.
#### <br>

*Note: Your attributes will start off great, much better than any commoner, even at "level 0". This is to let you act as a heroic adventurer from the get-go! They will generally NOT increase. That kind of improvement over time is what Experience is for.*<br>

## Strength
Your physical power. Used to lift, damage, and withstand force from physical objects and creatures. <br>
Skills: Athletics, Brawn, Endurance, and Guts. <br>
Save: Resist effects that would mess you up, inside or outside, by simply toughing them out.
Other benefits: Your Strength Value contributes to your carrying capacity, Maximum HP, and Martial Might.

### Agility
Your motorical coordination. Used to move your body or interact with objects with grace or subtelty.<br>
Skills: Acrobatics, Finesse, Handling, and Stealth.<br>
Save: Evade threats that suddenly surge past or burst out by dodging out of harms way.<br>
Other benefits: Your Agility Value contributes to your Defence and Martial Might.

### Will
Your force of personality. Used to influence, manipulate, and inspire friends and foes alike.<br>
Skills: Authority, Intuition, Performance, Suggestion.<br>
Save: Push back against being overwhelmed through sheer volition. Also used to maintain Concentration.<br>
Other benefits: Your Will Value contributes to your attunement capacity, Maximum MP, and Magic Might.

### Intelligence
Your sharpness of mind. Used to recall information or solve problems with reason or wisdom.<br>
Skills: Crafting, Lore, Investigation, Medicine.<br>
Save: Snap out of having your senses or your self being altered through realizing something is wrong.<br>
Other benefits: Your Intellect Value contributes to your Awareness, and Magic Might.

## Size
Each creature has a predefined Size that determines how much space it takes up.<br>
A player should be Medium.<br>
Size | Board Space | Value | Examples
:---|:---|:---|:---
Tiny | 1x1 | 1 | Shoes, Cats, Pixies
Small | 1x1 | 2 | Backpacks, Dogs, and Goblins
Medium | 1x1 | 3 | Coffins, Wolves, and Humans
Large | 2x2 | 4 | Carriges, Bears, and Trolls
Huge | 3x3 | 5 | Trees, Elephants, and Giants
Gargantuan | 4x4 or more | 5 | Houses, Dragons, and Avatars of Dieties
####

A creature's base Reach is equal to their smallest dimension on a battle map.<br>
A creature's base Throwing Range is equal to four times their reach.<br>
A player character's base Speed is 4 Paces.<br>
When a creature or object is used as a weapon without Damage (X) property, its baseline damage is equal to its Size Value.

## Sentience
Each creature has a predefined level of Sentience, mostly for funsies :)<br>
A player should be Cognizant.
*(For non-players it correlates with the number of Actions the creature has)*<br>
Sentience | Value | Examples
:---|:---|:---
Reactive | 1 | Carnivorous Plants
Primitive | 2 | Mundane Animals
Cognizant | 3 | Ordinary People 
Enhanced | 4 | Great Sages?
Ascendant | 5 | Beings of a higher existance.

# Derived Values
A creature's Maximum HP (without bonuses) is equal to its Strength + its Size Value.<br>
A creature's Maximum MP (without bonuses) is equal to its Will + its Sentience Value.<br>
A creature's Death Threshold is equal to its Level + its Size Value.
A creature's Standard Stress is equal to 10 - its Sentience Value.

## Might: Martial & Magic
A creature's *Martial Might* is equal to 5 + its Size Value + its Skill Bonus + its Strength + its Agility + its Skill Bonus.<br>
A creature's *Magic Might* is equal to 5 + its Sentience Value + its Skill Bonus + its Will + its Intelligence + its Skill Bonus.

## Defence & Awareness
A creature's Defence is equal to 10 + the size of its Agility + its Protection + its Level. (Protection is granted from specific Talents or by wearing armor. If you have multiple available non-bonus values, you must select one to apply.)<br>
A creature's Awareness is equal to 10 + the size of its Intelligence + its Perception + its Level. (Perception is gained from specific talents or by having acute senses? If you have multiple available non-bonus values, you must select one to apply.)

# Skill Descriptions
The 16 main skills are meant to be used as flexible reference points, with potential results defined for succeeding and/or failing.

## Acrobatics
Perform gymnastic feats and impressive aerial maneuvers.
+ A rogue tries to gracefully move through a giants space and past it. He makes a Test of Acrobatics (Difficulty = the giant's Martial Might). On a fail, the giant blocks the path and stops him. On a success, the giant slips up and he slips by unhindered. <br>
+ A knight runs across an unexpectedly slippery floor. He makes a Test of Acrobatics (Diffuculty = 5) with Disadvantage due to him being surprised. On a fail, he slips and stops moving. On a success, he may continue moving as normal. <br>
+ A monk uses a hanging vine to swing across a pit of spikes. She makes a Test of Acrobatics (Difficulty = 20). On a fail, she falls to her doom. On a success, she makes it to the other side. <br>
#### <br>

## Athletics
Complete olympic challenges and perform demanding deeds.
+ A barbarian <br>
+ An exorcist <br>
+ A monk <br>
#### <br>

## Authority
Force other people to change how they view you and whoever you choose to represent.
+ A cleric holds a sermon to restore hope in a town that has been ravaged by a dragon. He makes a Test of Authority (Difficulty = 10 + the dragon's CR). On a fail, the people remain distraught. On a success, they may be rallied to stand up and face the monster. <br>
+ A knight stands face to face with a general on the cusp of launching a terrible war. She makes a Test of Authority (Difficulty = the general's Awareness). On a fail, the general makes the order to launch his first attack. On a success, peace may be maintained for the time being. <br>
+ A bard infiltrates an exclusive ball as "the Dutchess of Bogus", but is not on the invitation list. She makes a Test of Authority (Difficulty = the bouncer's Awareness). On a fail, she is thrown out and the security now knows of the infiltration attempt. On a success, the bouncer apologizes for *daring* to question the great dutchess. <br>
#### <br>

## Brawn
Use sheer physical power to push, pull, lift, or break objects.
+ A knight <br>
+ A barbarian <br>
+ A druid <br>
#### <br>

## Crafting
Create new objects from other materials and know they will work as intended.
+ A knight creates a make-shift grappling hook using a throwing spear and some rope. She makes a Test of Crafting (Difficulty = 10). On a fail, the knots dont keep the rope on the spear when thrown. On a success, the spear can be thrown and the rope stay on securely enough to be climbed. <br>
+ A wizard tries to store a spell in a magical scroll. He makes a Test of Crafting (Difficulty = 10 + the Spell's Rank) with Advantage thanks to his "calligraphy" training. On a fail, the effort and materials are wasted as the spell fails to settle. On a success, a spell scroll is created without issue. <br>
+ A barbarian sits down to carve a set of sticks into a simple flute with his blade. He makes a Test of Crafting (Difficulty 15) with disadvantage due to his greatsword being a clunky carving tool. On a fail, the flute ends up being too faulty to properly play. On a success, it turns out as a fine instrument that could be played before an audience. <br>
#### <br>

## Endurance
Push through obsticales and ailments rife with prolonged effort and pain.
+ A <br>
+ A <br>
+ A <br>
#### <br>

## Finesse
Make precise movements using your arms, hands, and fingers.
+ A rogue attempts to pick the lock on a door. He makes a Test of Finesse (Difficulty = 15) with Advantage thanks to his "thievery" training. On a fail, the door remains locked. On a success, it smoothly clicks open. <br>
+ A ranger attempts to trigger an old bear trap in a safe manner. She makes a Test of Finesse (Difficulty = 10). On a fail, her hand is caught in the trap and she takes damage. On a success, she evades its bite. <br>
+ A bard playing cards attempts to stack the deck in his favor. He makes a Test of Finesse (Difficulty = the opponent's Awareness). On a fail, he fumbles his shuffling and reveals his cheating attempt to the table. On a success, the deck is now stacked and he wins the next hand. <br>
#### <br>

## Guts
Push your body beyond any reasonable limits? Be gross?
+ A barbarian partakes in an eating competition. Each round, every participant makes a Test of Guts. The lowest result is eliminated from the competition. <br>
+ A <br>
+ A <br>
#### <br>

## Handling
Direct creatures towards specific paths and steer vehicles through precarious stunts.
+ A <br>
+ A <br>
+ A <br>
#### <br>

## Intuition
Gain deepened insight into your situation and know undiscovered truths.
+ A rogue suspects that the street musician isn't being entirely honest and want to confirm his suspicion. He makes a Test of Intuition (Difficulty 15). On a fail, he gains no additional insight. On a success, the DM declares out loud: "Of course he isn't. He doesn't trust adventurers, some of them could be after him, and he can't know who after his bounty". <br>
+ A <br>
+ A <br>
#### <br>

## Investigation
Discern hidden details and draw accurate conclusions.
+ A <br>
+ A <br>
+ A <br>
#### <br>

## Lore
Recall informative academia or stories of cultural significance.
+ A <br>
+ A <br>
+ A <br>
#### <br>

## Medicine
Herbs, poisons, first aid, anatomy... ???
+ A <br>
+ A <br>
+ A ranger <br>
#### <br>

## Performance
Be the star in captivating shows and believably act out defined roles.
+ A <br>
+ A <br>
+ A <br>
#### <br>

## Stealth
Evade detection... ???
+ A <br>
+ A <br>
+ A <br>
#### <br>

## Suggestion
Influence the ways people think and how they decide to act on their thoughts.
+ A <br>
+ A <br>
+ A <br>
#### <br>
