p10/background.md, before:

# Background 
A character's background is the road they've taken in life since before the call of adventure. <br>
It is usually defined as an occupation or a state of being such as "Refugee", "Hero among orcs", or "Woke up with no memories". <br>
The benefits gained from your background customizable, as long as you follow this template: <br>
+ You learn one language (of any rarity).
+ You gain Training in any one area.
+ Starting Skills: You put set your Grade for 4 different Skills, one for each attribute, to 1.
+ You gain one of the three starting bonuses (+5 max HP, +1 Grade to one Starting Skill, or learn a Rank 1 Cantrip from any list).
+ You start with equipment and/or coinage worth a total of 25 gp (A good amount for a level 0 or 1 character).
+ Bonus Equipment: A thematically appropriate set of clothes. You can buy spare sets if you want, but being naked is NOT the default.
<br><br>
Below follows some pre-made example backgrounds made using these guidelines. <br>
*NOTE: This is also the step where you write your backstory and name your first Saga*

## Criminal
You come from the dark underbelly of society *INSERT MORE DETAILS HERE* <br>
<br><br>
You learn a language spoken by the commoners in your territory and gain Training in "Thievery". <br>
Starting Skills: Brawn, Finesse, Investigation, and Performance. <br>
Increase your Grade for one of your Starting Skills by 1.
<br><br>
Your equipment consists of:
+ ???
+ A pouch containing 10 gp.
<br><br>
Suggested Personality Traits: ??? <br>

## Noble
You come from a place of great privilege *INSERT MORE DETAILS HERE* <br>
<br><br>
You learn an old traditional language of your domain and gain Training in "History". <br>
You gain 2 Skill Points in Athletics, Handling, Lore, and Authority. <br>
Learn one Rank 1 Cantrip Spell of your choice.
<br><br>
Your equipment consists of:
+ A scroll of pedigree in a scroll case.
+ A signet ring.
+ ???
+ A pouch containing 20? gp.
<br><br>
Suggested Personality Traits: ???
*Note: The papers could be invaluable for your reputation, but since they're technically just paper and ink, their gp value is very low*

## Outlander
You come from outside of developed civilization *INSERT MORE DETAILS HERE* <br>
<br><br>
You learn an exotic language not spoken in any city and gain Training in "Survival". <br>
Starting Skills: Endurance, Stealth, Medicine, and Intuition. <br>
Increase your Maximum HP by 5.
<br><br>
Your equipment consists of:
+ ???
+ A pouch containing 5? gp.
<br><br>
Suggested Personality Traits: ???

## Entertainer
You come from a travelling posse, spreading joy and wonder *INSERT MORE DETAILS HERE* <br>
<br><br>
You learn a traditional language of your domain and gain Training in "Dice Games". <br>
Starting Skills: Guts, Acrobatics, Lore, and Performance. <br>
Increase your Grade for one of your Starting Skills by 1.
<br><br>
Your equipment consists of:
+ ???
+ A pouch containing 15? gp.
<br><br>
Suggested Personality Traits: ???

Commit message:

Hefty rework adapted from DC

p10/background.md, after:

# Background 
A character's background is the road they've taken in life since before the call of adventure. <br>
It is usually defined as an occupation or a state of being such as "Refugee", "Hero among orcs", or "Woke up with no memories". <br>
The benefits gained from your background customizable, as long as you follow this template: <br>
+ You learn any one language.
+ You gain any one Training.
+ Starting Skills: For each Attribute, assign a d4 to one Skill listed under it.
+ You gain one of the three starting bonuses (+1 max HP, Increase one Starting Skill, or learn a Spell).
+ You start with equipment and/or coinage worth a total of 25 gp (A good amount for a level 0 or 1 character).
+ Bonus Equipment: A thematically appropriate set of clothes. You can buy spare sets if you want, but being naked is NOT the default.
<br><br>
Below follows some pre-made example backgrounds made using these guidelines. <br>
*NOTE: This is also the step where you write your backstory and name your first Saga*

## Criminal
You come from the dark underbelly of society *INSERT MORE DETAILS HERE* <br>
<br><br>
You learn a language spoken by the commoners in your territory and gain Training in "Thievery". <br>
Starting Skills: Brawn, Finesse, Investigation, and Suggestion. <br>
Increase the die for one of your Starting Skills to a d6.
<br><br>
Your equipment consists of:
+ ???
+ A pouch containing 10 gp.
<br><br>
Suggested Personality Traits: ??? <br>

## Noble
You come from a place of great privilege *INSERT MORE DETAILS HERE* <br>
<br><br>
You learn an old traditional language of your domain and gain Training in "History". <br>
Starting Skills: Athletics, Handling, Lore, and Authority. <br>
Learn any one 1 Spell.
<br><br>
Your equipment consists of:
+ A scroll of pedigree in a scroll case.
+ A signet ring.
+ ???
+ A pouch containing 20? gp.
<br><br>
Suggested Personality Traits: ???
*Note: The papers could be invaluable for your reputation, but since they're technically just paper and ink, their gp value is very low*

## Outlander
You come from outside of developed civilization *INSERT MORE DETAILS HERE* <br>
<br><br>
You learn an exotic language not spoken in any city and gain Training in "Survival". <br>
Starting Skills: Endurance, Stealth, Medicine, and Intuition. <br>
Increase your Maximum HP by 5.
<br><br>
Your equipment consists of:
+ ???
+ A pouch containing 5? gp.
<br><br>
Suggested Personality Traits: ???

## Entertainer
You come from a travelling posse, spreading joy and wonder *INSERT MORE DETAILS HERE* <br>
<br><br>
You learn a traditional language of your domain and gain Training in "Dice Games". <br>
Starting Skills: Guts, Acrobatics, Lore, and Performance. <br>
Increase the die for one of your Starting Skills to a d6.
<br><br>
Your equipment consists of:
+ ???
+ A pouch containing 15? gp.
<br><br>
Suggested Personality Traits: ???
