p10/class/barbarian.md, before:

# Barbarian
??? <br>
??? <br>
??? <br>

## Traits
**Class Group:** Warrior <br>
**Hit Die:** d12 <br>
**Skill Points:** 4 per level <br>
<br>
**Weapons:** Simple Melee. Advanced Melee. <br>
**Armor:** None. <br>
**Shields:** Small. Large. <br>
**Focus:** None. <br>
**Training:** None? Nature/Survival? <br>

## Starting Equipment
+ An Advanced Melee Weapon of your choice.
+ ???

## Barbarian Class Features
These are the core features granted for the Barbarian Class.

### Level 1: Rage!
You can at any point use 1 Action to enter a Rage. <br>
While your Rage is active, the following rules apply:
 + You can't cast Spells.
 + You are unable to maintain Concentration.
 + You are Resistant to Bludgeoning, Piercing, and Slashing damage.
 + You gain Advantage on any Test you make using your Strength or a Strength-based Skill.
 + You may add your Rage Die (which is a d4) to the Weapon Damage you deal with a Melee Attack (using your primary hand?). <br>
 #### <br>
 Your Rage lasts until the end of your next turn. You may immedietly use 1 of the Actions you gain then to seemlessly enter your Rage until your next turn. (PHRASING? IS THIS NEEDED?)

### Level 1: Danger Sense? Fight or Flight?
New source for Defense and Awareness, provided you aren't wearing armor: 6 + Max value of Rage Die? Passive Martial Skill?
### Level 1: Barbarian Subclass
You choose a Barbarian Subclass and gain its Level 1 Features.

### Level 2: Reckless Attacks
When you make a Melee Weapon Attack against a creature, you may give yourself Advantage on that Attack. <br>
If you do so, the target of that attack may make a Sudden Strike with Advantage against you afterwards, wether you hit or not.

### Level 2: Sprinter? Danger Sense? "Flow of Combat"?
Your Speed increases by 10 feet? Bonus to any Save you make? <br>
Only provided you aren't Blinded, Deafened, or Incapacitated?

### Level 3: Subclass Feature
You gain the Level 3 Feature of your chosen Barbarian Subclass.<br>
In addition, your Rage die is now a d6.

### Level 4: Brutal Critical?
When you score a Critical Hit with an attack that uses your Rage Die, you may roll your Rage Die again and add the result to the total damage? <br>
If you roll the highest value on your Rage Die again, repeat this process?

### Level 5: Subclass Feature
You gain the Level 5 Feature of your chosen Barbarian Subclass.<br>
In addition, your Rage die is now a d8.

### Level 6: Relentlessness
If you would take lethal damage while your Rage is active, make a Strength Save with a Difficulty of 10? <br>
If you succeed, the damage is not lethal.
<br><br>
Each time you succeed on this Save, the DC increases by 2.
After you finish an adventure (Long Rest equivilent), the DC is reset to 10.

### Level 7: Subclass Feature
You gain the Level 7 Feature of your chosen Barbarian Subclass.<br>
In addition, your Rage die is now a d10.

### Level 8: Unfaltering Might
If you make a Test using your Strength or a Strength-based Skill and roll a number on the die that is lower than your Strength, you may treat it as if it had rolled that number instead.

### Level 9: Subclass Feature
You gain the Level 9 Feature of your chosen Barbarian Subclass. <br>
In addition, your Rage die is now a d12.

### Level 10: Primal Champion?
???

## Barbarian Subclass: Berserker
THEME: ???

### Level 1: Frenzy
When you enter your Rage, you may take the Attack Action as part of the same Action.
### Level 1: Intimidating Presence?
???

### Level 3: Mindless Rage
While your Rage is active, you are immune to the Charmed and Frightened conditions. <br>
If you are already Charmed or Frightened, it is surpressed for the duration. (PHRASING?)

### Level 5: ???
Bonus damage against Frightened creatures?

### Level 7: ???
???

### Level 9: ???
???

Commit message:

p10: Big push 1
- Defined how the adventuring skills are used in a more flexible way.
- Adjusted Sudden Strikes and Move Actions
- Changed Rest Recovery

Remaining Focus Classes: Knight & Ranger.

p10/class/barbarian.md, after:

# Barbarian
??? <br>
??? <br>
??? <br>

## Traits
**Class Group:** Warrior <br>
**Hit Die:** d12 <br>
**Skill Points:** 4 per level <br>
<br>
**Weapons:** Simple Melee. Advanced Melee. <br>
**Armor:** None. <br>
**Shields:** Small. Large. <br>
**Focus:** None. <br>
**Training:** None? Survival? <br>

## Starting Equipment
+ An Advanced Melee Weapon of your choice.
+ ???

## Barbarian Class Features
These are the core features granted for the Barbarian Class.

### Level 1: Rage!
You can at any point use 1 Action to enter a Rage. <br>
While your Rage is active, the following rules apply:
 + You can't cast Spells.
 + You can't maintain Concentration.
 + You are Resistant to Bludgeoning, Piercing, and Slashing damage.
 + You may add your Rage Die (which is a d4) to the damage you deal with a Martial Melee Attack.
 + You gain Advantage on any Strength-based Skill Check you make. *Anything where Rage would be beneficial? Is that too abstract?*
 #### <br>
 Your Rage lasts until you regain your actions, but you may immedietly use 1 of the Actions you gain to extend. <br>
 You can enter this Rage once per Rest? OR After your Rage ends, an hour must pass before you can enter it again?

### Level 1: Fight or Flight? Freedom of Movement? Unarmored Defence?
Provided you are wearing no armor, your Speed is increased by 10? 20? feet and you add your Save Skill/Martial Skill? to your defence? <br>
*This starts off fine, maybe not even good enough, but may be too crazy at the later levels, with almost guaranteed 20+ DEF.*
### Level 1: Barbarian Subclass
You choose a Barbarian Subclass and gain its Level 1 Features.

### Level 2: Reckless Attacks
When you make a Martial Melee Attack against a creature, you may give yourself Advantage on that Attack. <br>
If you do so, the target of that attack may make a Sudden Strike with Advantage against you afterwards, wether you hit or not.

### Level 2: Danger Sense?
Provided you aren't Blinded, Deafened, or Incapacitated, you gain Advantage on any Strength or Agility Save you make?

### Level 3: Subclass Feature
You gain the Level 3 Feature of your chosen Barbarian Subclass.<br>
In addition, your Rage die is now a d6.

### Level 4: Brutal Ferocity
When your roll the highest number possible on a Rage Die you are dealing damage with (PHRASING?), roll another Rage Die and add it to the first. <br>
If you roll the highest value on the new Rage Die, repeat the process. (PHRASING? Limit equal to Level, as a formality?) <br>

### Level 5: Subclass Feature
You gain the Level 5 Feature of your chosen Barbarian Subclass.<br>
In addition, your Rage die is now a d8.

### Level 6: Relentlessness
If you would take lethal damage while your Rage is active, make a Strength Save with a Difficulty of 10. <br>
If you succeed, the damage is not considered lethal, and you are reduced to 1 HP instead.
<br><br>
Each time you succeed on this Save, the Difficulty of this Save increases by 2.
After you finish the Adventure, the Difficulty is reset to 10.

### Level 7: Subclass Feature
You gain the Level 7 Feature of your chosen Barbarian Subclass.<br>
In addition, your Rage die is now a d10.

### Level 8: Unfaltering Might
If you make a Check (or Save?) using a Strength-based Skill and roll a number on the die that is lower than your Strength, you may treat it as if it had rolled that number instead. <br>
Should this be "While Rage is Active" and/or affect all "Rage-as-training"-checks? <br>
*ALTERNATIVE: "Rage-Training" is always active?*

### Level 9: Subclass Feature
You gain the Level 9 Feature of your chosen Barbarian Subclass. <br>
In addition, your Rage die is now a d12.

### Level 10: Primal Champion?
Increase your Strength Attribute by 5, potentially exceeding the normal limit of 10?
In addition, you now can enter your Rage an unlimited number of times per rest? <br>
After your Rage ends, a minute must pass before you can enter it again?

## Barbarian Subclass: Berserker
THEME: ???

### Level 1: Frenzy
Whenever you use an Action to enter or extend your Rage, you may make a single Martial Attack.

### Level 1: Intimidating Presence?
*Use 1 Action on your turn to force Intelligence Save against your Passive Martial Skill.

### Level 3: Mindless Rage
While your Rage is active, you are immune to the Charmed and Frightened conditions. <br>
If you are already Charmed or Frightened, it is surpressed for the duration. (PHRASING?)

### Level 5: ???
Bonus damage against Frightened creatures?

### Level 7: Ruthless Chase?
When a creature from within your Reach moves out of your Reach, you may use 1 Action to move to the space they left and make a Sudden Strike against it? (EARLIER?)

### Level 9: ???
???
