p10/class/cleric.md, before:

# Cleric
Heralds of higher powers. <br>
Crusaders in service to grand plans. <br>
Preachers of ??? <br>

## Traits
**Class Group:** Mage <br>
**Hit Die:** d8 <br>
**Skill Points:** 5 per level <br>
<br>
**Weapons:** Simple Melee. Simple Ranged. <br>
**Armor:** Light. <br>
**Shields:** Small. <br>
**Focus:** Divine. <br>
**Training:** None. <br>

## Starting Equipment
+ A Simple Melee Weapon of your choice.
+ A Simple Ranged Weapon of your choice.
+ A quiver containing 20 pieces of ammunition of your choice.
+ Chain Shirt armor.
+ A Divine Focus of your choice *(You may paint it on/forge it into some other piece of equipment)*.
+ Extra gp as a treat?

## Cleric Class Features
These are the core features granted for the Cleric Class.

### Level 1: Spellcasting
You can cast spells!
#### Learned Spells
At each Level, you learn 3 Divine Spells of your choice. <br>
No spell learned this way may be of a Rank higher than your level.
#### Spell Slots
The number of Spell Slots you have of each Rank depends on your Level according to the table below. <br>
LEVEL: | 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 | 6 | 7 | 8 | 9 | 10 
---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:
Rank 1: | 3 | 4 | 5 | 5 | 5 | 5 | 5 | 5 | 5 | 5 
Rank 2: | | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 | 5 | 5 | 5 | 5 | 5
Rank 3: | | | 1 | 2 | 3 | 3 | 4 | 4 | 4 | 4
Rank 4: | | | | 1 | 2 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 4 | 4
Rank 5: | | | | | 1 | 2 | 2 | 2 | 3 | 3
Rank 6: | | | | | | 1 | 1 | 2 | 2 | 3
Rank 7: | | | | | | | 1 | 1 | 2 | 2 
Rank 8: | | | | | | | | 1 | 1 | 2
Rank 9: | | | | | | | | | 1 | 1
Rank 10: | | | | | | | | | | 1

### Level 1: Channel Divinity
You can use any Channel Divinity Ability you have once per Rest. *PHRASING?
If a Channel Divinity Ability forces a creature to make a Save, it is made against your Passive Magic Skill.
<br><br>
In addition, you gain the Channel Divinity Ability: *Divine Spark*.

#### Divine Spark
You present your holy symbol to a creature within 30 feet of you. It either regains HP equal to a number of d8s equal to your level or it must make a Charisma Save. <br>
A creature takes Radiant or Infernal damage (your choice) equal to equal to a number of d8s equal to your level on a failed Save, or half as much on a success.

### Level 1: Cleric Subclass
You choose a Cleric Subclass and gain its Level 1 Features. <br>
Your subclass comes with a list of Domain Spells?

### Level 2: Holy Order
Choose one of the following benefits:
<br><br>
**Crusader** <br>
Add 2 Skill Points to your Martial Skill? <br>
You gain Proficiency with Advanced Melee Weapons, Advanced Ranged Weapons, Heavy Armor, and Large Shields.
<br><br>
**Herald** <br>
Add 2 Skill Points to your Magic Skill? <br>
You can use your *Channel Divinity* as a Spell Slot with a Rank equal to half your Level? (PHRASING?) <br>
MORE?
<br><br>
**Mentor?** <br>
You gain 6? Skill Points to spend. <br>
You gain one Training of your choice. (PHRASING?) <br>
MORE?

### Level 2: Divine Wrath/Blessed Strike?
When you deal damage to one or more creatures with an attack or Spell, you can deal an additional 1d8 damage to one of those creatures. <br>
After you've dealt this damage, you can't do so again until you regain your Actions.
<br><br>
The damage dealt this way is either Infernal or Radiant. You choose which when you gain this feature.

### Level 3: Subclass Feature
You gain the Level 3 Feature of your chosen Cleric Subclass.

### Level 4: Divine Invervention?
You gain the following Channel Divinity Ability:
#### Divine Intervention
You can use 3 Actions on your turn to say a prayer and try call on your deity to intervene on your behalf. Describe the assistance you seek and roll your Intervention Die, which is a D10. <br>
If you roll a 1, the prayer is immidiately answered as the deity intervenes, providing the assistance you prayed for. <br>
The GM decides how the intervention takes form. Usually, creating the effects of any one Spell you know or a Divine Spell the GM's choice is appropriate.
<br><br>
If your deity does intervene, you cannot use this feature to make it intervene again for rest of the adventure.

### Level 5: Subclass Feature
You gain the Level 5 Feature of your chosen Cleric Subclass.

### Level 6: Improved Divine Intervention
Your Intervention Die is now a d8.

### Level 7: Subclass Feature
You gain the Level 7 Feature of your chosen Cleric Subclass.

### Level 8: Improved Divine Intervention
Your Intervention Die is now a d6.

### Level 9: Subclass Feature
You gain the Level 9 Feature of your chosen Cleric Subclass.

### Level 10: Improved Divine Intervention
Your Intervention Die is now a d4.

## Bard Subclass: War Domain.
THEME: Combat. Battle. Warfare. All are variations of the concept of conflict and the resolution therof - a fundamental part of any world with more than one thinking mind.

### Level 1: War Priest?
After casting a Spell, you may make a single Weapon Attack as part of the same action? <br>
Once per round? Only on your turn? Up to CHA times per Rest?

### Level 1: Improved Channel Divinity???
You gain the following Channel Divinity Ability:
#### Guided Strike?
When a creature you can see within 30 feet of you misses an Attack, you can use 1 Action and expend one use of your *Channel Divinity* to add a +10? bonus to its roll, potentially changing the outcome.

### Level 3: ???
???

### Level 5: Improved Divine Wrath/Blessed Strikes?
The damage dealt by your *???* feature becomes 2d8.

### Level 7: ???
???

### Level 9: Avatar of Battle?
You are resistant to all Weapon Damage.

Commit message:

p10: Big push 1
- Defined how the adventuring skills are used in a more flexible way.
- Adjusted Sudden Strikes and Move Actions
- Changed Rest Recovery

Remaining Focus Classes: Knight & Ranger.

p10/class/cleric.md, after:

# Cleric
Heralds of higher powers. <br>
Crusaders in service to grand plans. <br>
Preachers of ??? <br>

## Traits
**Class Group:** Mage <br>
**Hit Die:** d8 <br>
**Skill Points:** 5 per level <br>
<br>
**Weapons:** Simple Melee. Simple Ranged. <br>
**Armor:** Light. <br>
**Shields:** Small. <br>
**Focus:** Divine. <br>
**Training:** None. <br>

## Starting Equipment
+ A Simple Melee Weapon of your choice.
+ A Simple Ranged Weapon of your choice.
+ A quiver containing 20 pieces of ammunition of your choice.
+ Chain Shirt armor.
+ A Divine Focus of your choice *(You may paint it on/forge it into some other piece of equipment)*.
+ Extra gp as a treat?

## Cleric Class Features
These are the core features granted for the Cleric Class.

### Level 1: Spellcasting
You can cast spells!
#### Learned Spells
At each Level, you learn 3 Divine Spells of your choice. <br>
No spell learned this way may be of a Rank higher than your level.
#### Spell Slots
The number of Spell Slots you have of each Rank depends on your Level according to the table below. <br>
LEVEL: | 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 | 6 | 7 | 8 | 9 | 10 
---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:
Rank 1: | 3 | 4 | 5 | 5 | 5 | 5 | 5 | 5 | 5 | 5 
Rank 2: | | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 | 5 | 5 | 5 | 5 | 5
Rank 3: | | | 1 | 2 | 3 | 3 | 4 | 4 | 4 | 4
Rank 4: | | | | 1 | 2 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 4 | 4
Rank 5: | | | | | 1 | 2 | 2 | 2 | 3 | 3
Rank 6: | | | | | | 1 | 1 | 2 | 2 | 3
Rank 7: | | | | | | | 1 | 1 | 2 | 2 
Rank 8: | | | | | | | | 1 | 1 | 2
Rank 9: | | | | | | | | | 1 | 1
Rank 10: | | | | | | | | | | 1

### Level 1: Divine Spark
You can use any Channel Divinity Ability you have once per Rest. *PHRASING?
If a Channel Divinity Ability forces a creature to make a Save, it is made against your Passive Magic Skill.
<br><br>
In addition, you gain the Channel Divinity Ability: *Divine Spark*.

#### Divine Spark
You present your holy symbol to a creature within 20? 60? feet of you. It either regains HP equal to a number of d8s equal to your Level or it must make a Charisma Save (your choice). <br>
A creature takes Radiant or Infernal damage (your choice) equal to equal to a number of d8s equal to your Level on a failed Save, or half as much on a success.

### Level 1: Cleric Subclass
You choose a Cleric Subclass and gain its Level 1 Features. <br>
Your subclass comes with a list of Domain Spells. You learn these Spells at the defined levels, and they count as Divine Spells for you, even if they don't normally. (PHRASING?)

### Level 2: Holy Order
Choose one of the following benefits:
<br><br>
**Crusader** <br>
You gain Proficiency with Advanced Melee Weapons, Advanced Ranged Weapons, Heavy Armor, and Large Shields.
<br><br>
**Herald** <br>
You can now use your *Divine Spark* up to 2 times per Rest. <br>

### Level 2: Divine Wrath
When you deal damage to one or more creatures with an attack or Spell, you can deal an additional 1d8 damage to one of those creatures. <br>
After you've dealt this damage, you can't do so again until you regain your Actions.
<br><br>
The damage dealt this way is either Infernal or Radiant. You choose which when you gain this feature.

### Level 3: Subclass Feature
You gain the Level 3 Feature of your chosen Cleric Subclass.

### Level 4: Divine Invervention?
You gain the following Channel Divinity Ability:
#### Divine Intervention
You can use 3 Actions on your turn to say a prayer and try call on your deity to intervene on your behalf. Describe the assistance you seek and roll a d8. <br>
If you roll a 1, the prayer is immidiately answered as the deity directly intervenes, briefly appearing to provide the assistance you prayed for. <br>
The GM decides how the intervention takes form. Usually, creating the effects of any one Spell you know or a Divine Spell the GM's choice is appropriate.
<br><br>
If your deity does intervene, you cannot use this feature to make it intervene again for rest of the adventure.

### Level 5: Subclass Feature
You gain the Level 5 Feature of your chosen Cleric Subclass.

### Level 6: Improved Divine Intervention
When you use your *Divine Intervention*, you may now roll up to two d8. Your prayer is answered if you roll a 1 on either die.

### Level 7: Subclass Feature
You gain the Level 7 Feature of your chosen Cleric Subclass.

### Level 8: Improved Divine Intervention
When you use your *Divine Intervention*, you may now roll up to three d8. Your prayer is answered if you roll a 1 on any of the dice.

### Level 9: Subclass Feature
You gain the Level 9 Feature of your chosen Cleric Subclass.

### Level 10: Improved Divine Intervention
When you use your *Divine Intervention*, you may now roll up to four d8. Your prayer is answered if you roll a 1 on any of the dice.

## Bard Subclass: War Domain.
THEME: Combat. Battle. Warfare. All are variations of the concept of conflict and the resolution therof - a fundamental part of any world with more than one thinking mind. <br>
**Domain Spells:** Shield of Faith?, *Rank 2*, *Rank 3*, *Rank 4*, *Rank 5*.

### Level 1: War Priest?
After casting a Spell, you may make a single Martial Attack as part of the same action? <br>
Once per round? Only on your turn? Up to CHA times per Rest?

### Level 1: Improved Channel Divinity???
You gain the following Channel Divinity Ability:
#### Guided Strike?
When a creature you can see within 20 feet of you misses an Attack, you can use 1 Action and expend one use of your *Channel Divinity* to add a +10 bonus to its roll, potentially changing the outcome.

### Level 3: ???
???

### Level 5: Improved Divine Wrath?
The damage dealt by your *Divine Wrath* feature is now 2d8.

### Level 7: ???
???

### Level 9: Avatar of Battle?
You are resistant to all damage dealt to you by a Martial Attack.
