p10/class/druid.md, before:

# Druid
??? <br>
??? <br>
??? <br>

## Traits
**Class Group:** Mage <br>
**Hit Die:** d8 <br>
**Skill Points:** 5 per level <br>
<br>
**Weapons:** Simple Melee. Simple Ranged. <br>
**Armor:** None. <br>
**Shields:** Small. <br>
**Focus:** Primal. <br>
**Training:** None? Herbalism/Survival? Druidic?. <br>

## Starting Equipment
+ ???
+ A Primal Focus of your choice (Baked into other equipment?).

## Druid Class Features
These are the core features granted for the Druid Class.

### Level 1: Spellcasting
You can cast spells!
#### Casting Method
Your Intelligence becomes your Spellcasting Ability.
#### Learned Spells
At each Level, you learn 3 Primal Spells of your choice. <br>
No spell learned this way may be of a Rank higher than your level.
#### Spell Slots
The number of Spell Slots you have of each Rank depends on your Level according to the table below. <br>
LEVEL: | 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 | 6 | 7 | 8 | 9 | 10 
---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:
Rank 1: | 3 | 4 | 5 | 5 | 5 | 5 | 5 | 5 | 5 | 5 
Rank 2: | | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 | 5 | 5 | 5 | 5 | 5
Rank 3: | | | 1 | 2 | 3 | 3 | 4 | 4 | 4 | 4
Rank 4: | | | | 1 | 2 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 4 | 4
Rank 5: | | | | | 1 | 2 | 2 | 2 | 3 | 3
Rank 6: | | | | | | 1 | 1 | 2 | 2 | 3
Rank 7: | | | | | | | 1 | 1 | 2 | 2 
Rank 8: | | | | | | | | 1 | 1 | 2
Rank 9: | | | | | | | | | 1 | 1
Rank 10: | | | | | | | | | | 1

### Level 1: Wild Shape
You can use 3 Actions on your turn to transform into a beast. <br>
(DETAILS! DETAILS!! DETAILS!!!)
<br><br>
Your INT and CHA remain same. Your STR and AGI become = to your Magic Skill? Should skills remain the same as normal, or be = Magic Skill as well? <br>
Choose Size: Tiny (d4), Small (d6), Medium (d8), or Large (d10). You new HP equals Die Max and attacks deal damage Die damage. <br>
The beast has only 1 Action, but you gain it immediately upon transforming? <br>
Worn/Carried equipment is either dropped or merged into the form. If you want to still be wearing it, it must be made for that purpose. <br>
You can also use 1 Action on your turn to revert, but unlike becoming a beast, you don't gain any more actions <br>
<br><br>
When you transform, you may also pick a general base for your new form. It gains ONE of the following benefits: <br>
+ Speed + 10?
+ Defence = Passive Magic/Martial?
+ Camouflauge?

### Level 1: Druid Subclass
You choose a Druid Subclass and gain its Level 1 Features.

### Level 2: Warrior of the Wilds?
You can transform into a much more powerful form using your *Wild Shape*-feature. It must be Medium, Large, or Huge. Its HP equals 4 * Die Max and attacks deal 2 Die damage. <br>
You can use this feature once per Rest.

### Level 2: Improved Wild Shape
Your form may be aquatic: Having Swim Speed and breathing underwater?
Your form may be underground: Having Burrowing Speed and darkvision?

### Level 3: Subclass Feature
You gain the Level 3 Feature of your chosen Cleric Subclass.

### Level 4: Improved Wild Shape
Your form may be airborne: Having Fly Speed?

### Level 5: Subclass Feature
You gain the Level 5 Feature of your chosen Cleric Subclass.

### Level 6: Improved Wild Shape
???

### Level 7: Subclass Feature
You gain the Level 7 Feature of your chosen Cleric Subclass.

### Level 8: Improved Wild Shape
???

### Level 9: Subclass Feature
You gain the Level 9 Feature of your chosen Cleric Subclass.

### Level 10: Improved Wild Shape? Archdruid? Force of Nature?
You can cast Primal Spells you know without using a focus or requiring materials (unless they are consumed). <br>
You can also do so whilst transformed by your *Wild Shape*.

## Bard Subclass: Circle of the Moon
THEME: Morphin'

### Level 1: ???
Whilst transformed by your *Wild Shape*, you have 2 Actions instead of 1? (TOO EARLY)?
### Level 1: ???
Whilst transformed by your *Wild Shape*, you may use 1 Action on your turn and expend a Spell Slot to regain HP equal to 1d8 per Rank of the Spell Slot?
*Note: This heals the Shape's HP, not your permanent ones.*

### Level 3: ???
Whilst transformed by your *Wild Shape*, 

### Level 5: Elemental Wild Shape
Whilst transformed by your *Wild Shape*

### Level 7: Thousand Forms?
You can use 1 Action on your turn to gain or lose one benefit you can. <br>
You can use this feature whilst transformed by your *Wild Shape* feature.

### Level 9: Avatar of Battle?
You are resistant to all Weapon Damage.

Commit message:

p10: Big push 1
- Defined how the adventuring skills are used in a more flexible way.
- Adjusted Sudden Strikes and Move Actions
- Changed Rest Recovery

Remaining Focus Classes: Knight & Ranger.

p10/class/druid.md, after:

# Druid
Heralds of the forces of nature themselves. <br>
??? <br>
??? <br>

## Traits
**Class Group:** Mage <br>
**Hit Die:** d8 <br>
**Skill Points:** 5 per level <br>
<br>
**Weapons:** Simple Melee. Simple Ranged. <br>
**Armor:** None. <br>
**Shields:** Small? <br>
**Focus:** Primal. <br>
**Training:** Druidicism? Herbalism/Survival?. <br>

## Starting Equipment
+ ???
+ A Primal Focus of your choice (Baked into other equipment?).

## Druid Class Features
These are the core features granted for the Druid Class.

### Level 1: Spellcasting
You can cast spells!
#### Casting Method
Your Intelligence becomes your Spellcasting Ability.
#### Learned Spells
At each Level, you learn 3 Primal Spells of your choice. <br>
No spell learned this way may be of a Rank higher than your level.
#### Spell Slots
The number of Spell Slots you have of each Rank depends on your Level according to the table below. <br>
LEVEL: | 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 | 6 | 7 | 8 | 9 | 10 
---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:
Rank 1: | 3 | 4 | 5 | 5 | 5 | 5 | 5 | 5 | 5 | 5 
Rank 2: | | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 | 5 | 5 | 5 | 5 | 5
Rank 3: | | | 1 | 2 | 3 | 3 | 4 | 4 | 4 | 4
Rank 4: | | | | 1 | 2 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 4 | 4
Rank 5: | | | | | 1 | 2 | 2 | 2 | 3 | 3
Rank 6: | | | | | | 1 | 1 | 2 | 2 | 3
Rank 7: | | | | | | | 1 | 1 | 2 | 2 
Rank 8: | | | | | | | | 1 | 1 | 2
Rank 9: | | | | | | | | | 1 | 1
Rank 10: | | | | | | | | | | 1

### Level 1: Wild Shape
You can use 3 Actions on your turn to transform into a beast. <br>
(DETAILS! DETAILS!! DETAILS!!!)
<br><br>
Your INT and CHA remain same. Your STR and AGI become = to your Magic Skill? Should skills remain the same as normal, or be = Magic Skill as well? <br>
Choose Size: Tiny (d4), Small (d6), Medium (d8), or Large (d10). You new HP equals Die Max and attacks deal damage Die damage. <br>
The beast has only 1 Action, but you gain it immediately upon transforming? <br>
Worn/Carried equipment is either dropped or merged into the form. If you want to still be wearing it, it must be made for that purpose. <br>
You can also use 1 Action on your turn to revert, but unlike becoming a beast, you don't gain any more actions <br>
<br><br>
When you transform, you may also pick a general base for your new form. It gains ONE of the following benefits: <br>
+ Speed + 10?
+ Defence = Passive Magic/Martial?
+ Camouflauge?

### Level 1: Druid Subclass
You choose a Druid Subclass and gain its Level 1 Features.

### Level 2: Warrior of the Wilds?
You can transform into a much more powerful form using your *Wild Shape*-feature. It must be Medium, Large, or Huge. Its HP equals 4 * Die Max and attacks deal 2 Die damage. <br>
You can use this feature once per Rest.

### Level 2: Improved Wild Shape
Your form may be aquatic: Having Swim Speed and breathing underwater?
Your form may be underground: Having Burrowing Speed and darkvision?

### Level 3: Subclass Feature
You gain the Level 3 Feature of your chosen Cleric Subclass.

### Level 4: Improved Wild Shape
Your form may be airborne: Having Fly Speed?

### Level 5: Subclass Feature
You gain the Level 5 Feature of your chosen Cleric Subclass.

### Level 6: Improved Wild Shape
???

### Level 7: Subclass Feature
You gain the Level 7 Feature of your chosen Cleric Subclass.

### Level 8: Improved Wild Shape
???

### Level 9: Subclass Feature
You gain the Level 9 Feature of your chosen Cleric Subclass.

### Level 10: Improved Wild Shape? Archdruid? Force of Nature?
You can cast Primal Spells you know without using a focus or requiring materials (unless they are consumed). <br>
You can also do so whilst transformed by your *Wild Shape*.

## Bard Subclass: Circle of the Moon
THEME: Morphin'

### Level 1: ???
Whilst transformed by your *Wild Shape*, you have 2 Actions instead of 1? (TOO EARLY)?
### Level 1: ???
Whilst transformed by your *Wild Shape*, you may use 1 Action on your turn and expend a Spell Slot to regain HP equal to 1d8 per Rank of the Spell Slot?
*Note: This heals the Shape's HP, not your permanent ones.*

### Level 3: ???
Whilst transformed by your *Wild Shape*, 

### Level 5: Elemental Wild Shape?
Whilst transformed by your *Wild Shape*, your Unarmed Strikes may deal Acid, Cold, Fire, or Lightning damage instead. <br>
You choose the type when you transform. Your form is also resitant to damage of that type. Should it be "may deal X instead" or a flatout damage boost? (PHRASING?)

### Level 7: Thousand Forms?
You can use 1 Action on your turn to gain or lose one benefit available to you through your Wild Shape feature? <br>
You can use this feature whilst transformed by your *Wild Shape* feature.

### Level 9: ???
???
