p10/class/monk.md, before:

# Monk
??? <br>
??? <br>
??? <br>

## Traits
**Class Group:** Warrior <br>
**Hit Die:** d10 <br>
**Skill Points:** 4 per level <br>
<br>
**Weapons:** Simple Melee. <br>
**Armor:** None. <br>
**Shields:** None. <br>
**Focus:** None. <br>
**Training:** One of choice. <br>

## Starting Equipment
+ A simple Melee Weapon of your choice.
+ ???

## Monk Class Features
These are the core features granted for the Monk Class.

### Level 1: Martial Arts? Ki?
Your unarmed Strikes deal damage equal to your Balance Die (which is a d4). When you take the Attack Action, you may make one attack as normal, followed by an Unarmed Strike.<br>
In addition, new source for Defense: Defence = Passive Martial Skill.

### Level 1: Opened Mind/Awareness? Ki?
You have a number of Ki Points equal to your Level. <br>
You regain any spent Ki Points after you finish a Rest.
<br><br>
**Step of the Wind?**: Take Dash Action twice in one Action. You can run up walls and across liquids. <br>
**Patient Defence**: Take Brace Action and Step Action using only one Action. Also gain 1 Balance Die Temporary HP until next turn? <br>
<br>
In addition, new source for Awareness: Awareness = Passive Magic Skill.

### Level 1: Monk Subclass
You choose a Monk Subclass and gain its Level 1 Features.

### Level 2: Deflect Blows
When you would be hit by a Weapon Attack, you can use 1 Action and spend 1 Ki Point to attempt to deflect it, reducing the damage by Balance Die + Level. <br>
If you reduce the damage to 0 this way, you may instead designate a new target for the attack and reroll it using your Martial Skill. <br>
A deflected Ranged Attack is aimed from your position at another target within 30 feet of you. <br>
A deflected Melee Attack is aimed at a target, other than the attacker, within 5 feet of them. <br>

### Level 2: Sprinter? Parkour?
Your Speed increases by 10 feet. <br>
You can move horizontally while falling? <br>
If you take Falling Damage, reduce it by 5 times your Level.

### Level 3: Subclass Feature
You gain the Level 3 Feature of your chosen Monk Subclass.<br>
In addition, your Balance die is now a d6.

### Level 4: Purity of Body?
Ki Feature: Cure yourself from poisons or diseases?

### Level 5: Subclass Feature
You gain the Level 5 Feature of your chosen Monk Subclass.<br>
In addition, your Balance die is now a d8.

### Level 6: Stillness of Mind?
Ki Feature: End Charmed, Frightened, or Stunned Condition on yourself. Requires no Action, and may be used at any time even if Incapacitated.

### Level 7: Subclass Feature
You gain the Level 7 Feature of your chosen Monk Subclass.<br>
In addition, your Balance die is now a d10.

### Level 8: Freedom of Spirit?
Ki Feature: Works like the Actions granted by an *Astral Projection* spell?

### Level 9: Subclass Feature
You gain the Level 9 Feature of your chosen Monk Subclass. <br>
In addition, your Balance die is now a d12.

### Level 10: Perfect Self
You don't need to eat, drink, or sleep? <br>
You can't die of old age?

## Monk Subclass: Way of the Open Hand
THEME: ???

### Level 1: ???
You gain the following benefits:
+ When you use an Unarmed Strike to Shove a creature, you can shove it up to 15 feet away and also deal it damage.
+ When you use an Unarmed Strike to Grapple a creature, you can also deal it damage and knock it down?
+ When you use an Unarmed Stike to damage a creature, you can also force that creature to spend 1 Action on reeling from the blow.
<br>
Maybe all of these should require a Save against your Passive Martial Skill?

### Level 1: ???
???

### Level 3: Energy Block/Stunning Strike?
???

### Level 5: ???
???

### Level 7: ???
???

### Level 9: Quivering Palm?
"Get vibe checked, idiot"

Commit message:

p10: Big push 1
- Defined how the adventuring skills are used in a more flexible way.
- Adjusted Sudden Strikes and Move Actions
- Changed Rest Recovery

Remaining Focus Classes: Knight & Ranger.

p10/class/monk.md, after:

# Monk
??? <br>
??? <br>
??? <br>

## Traits
**Class Group:** Warrior <br>
**Hit Die:** d10 <br>
**Skill Points:** 4 per level <br>
<br>
**Weapons:** Simple Melee. <br>
**Armor:** None. <br>
**Shields:** None. <br>
**Focus:** None. <br>
**Training:** One of choice. <br>

## Starting Equipment
+ A simple Melee Weapon of your choice.
+ ???

## Monk Class Features
These are the core features granted for the Monk Class.

### Level 1: Martial Arts? Ki?
You are a master of your physical self, granting you the following benefits:
 + Your Unarmed Strikes now deal damage equal to your Balance Die (which is a d4) instead of 1.
 + When you take the Attack Action, you may make one attack as normal, followed by an Unarmed Strike. (As though you were two-weapon fighting with your fists, PHRASING?).
 + If you are wearing no armor, you can use Defence and Awareness interchangably? Add skill points to both? Something else???
 + When you would be hit by an Attack, you may use 1 Action to add your Balance Die to your Defence against that attack. (As if you were wielding a shield).
#### <br>

### Level 1: Ki?
You have a number of Ki Points equal to your Level. <br>
You regain any spent Ki Points after you finish a Rest.
<br><br>
**Step of the Wind**: Take Dash Action twice in one Action. You can run up walls and across liquids? <br>
**Flurry of Blows**: Take Attack Action twice in one Action. You only make Unarmed Strikes? <br>
<br>
In addition, new source for Awareness: Awareness = Passive Magic Skill.

### Level 1: Monk Subclass
You choose a Monk Subclass and gain its Level 1 Features.

### Level 2: Deflect Blows
When you would be hit by a Martial Attack, you can use 1 Action and spend 1 Ki Point to attempt to deflect it, reducing the damage by Balance Die + Level. <br>
If you reduce the damage to 0 this way, you may instead designate a new target for the attack, rerolling it as if it were one of your Unarmed Strikes. <br>
A deflected Ranged Attack is aimed from your position at another target within a (20/60)-foot Range. <br>
A deflected Melee Attack is aimed at a target, other than the attacker, within its Reach. <br>

### Level 2: Advanced/Supreme/??? Parkour?
Provided you are wearing no armor, you gain the following benefits:
+ your Speed is increased by 10 feet? (OR MORE? INCREASE WITH LEVEL?) <br>
+ You can move horizontally while falling? <br>
+ If you would take damage from falling, you can reduce the damge you take by 5 times your Level.
#### <br>

### Level 3: Subclass Feature
You gain the Level 3 Feature of your chosen Monk Subclass.<br>
In addition, your Balance die is now a d6.

### Level 4: Purity of Body?
Ki Feature: Cure yourself from poisons or diseases?

### Level 5: Subclass Feature
You gain the Level 5 Feature of your chosen Monk Subclass.<br>
In addition, your Balance die is now a d8.

### Level 6: Stillness of Mind?
Ki Feature: End Charmed, Frightened, or Stunned Condition on yourself. Requires no Action, and may be used at any time even if Incapacitated.

### Level 7: Subclass Feature
You gain the Level 7 Feature of your chosen Monk Subclass.<br>
In addition, your Balance die is now a d10.

### Level 8: Freedom of Spirit?
Ki Feature: Works like the Actions granted by an *Astral Projection* spell?

### Level 9: Subclass Feature
You gain the Level 9 Feature of your chosen Monk Subclass. <br>
In addition, your Balance die is now a d12.

### Level 10: Perfect Self
You don't need to eat, drink, or sleep? <br>
You can't die of old age? <br>
MORE? Something tangible like regenerating KI?

## Monk Subclass: Way of the Open Hand
THEME: ???

### Level 1: ???
You gain the following benefits:
+ When you use an Unarmed Strike to Shove a creature, you may shove it up to 15 feet away and also deal it damage?
+ When you use an Unarmed Strike to Grapple a creature, you may also deal it damage and knock it down?
+ When you use an Unarmed Stike to deal damage to a creature, you can also force that creature to spend 1 Action on doing nothing but reeling from the blow?
<br>
Maybe all of these should require a Save against your Passive Martial Skill?

### Level 1: ???
BIG recovery?

### Level 3: Energy Block/Stunning Strike?
???

### Level 5: ???
Many reactions?

### Level 7: ???
???

### Level 9: Quivering Palm?
When you hit (or specifically damage?) a creature with an Unarmed strike, you may spend 1 Ki Point to leave it with a mark of imperceptible vibrations that last for a day. <br>
You may at any point use 1 Action (or 2/3 Actions?) to have the vibrations within one creature you've marked this way suddenly intensify. <br>
The affected creature must make a Strength Save against your Passive Martial Skill. It gains Advantage on this Save if it carries only one mark, but Disadvantage if it carries 3 or more. (PHRASING)? <br>
On a successful save, it takes 10d10 Sonic damage. On a failed save, it immidiately dies.
