p10/class/ranger.md, before:

# Ranger
Hardened explorers of all lands and terrains. <br>
Flexible masters of the adventuring profession. <br>
Ruthless hunters that could track down any foe to the edge of the earth. <br>

## Traits
**Class Group:** Expert <br>
**Hit Die:** d10 <br>
**Skill Points:** 5 per level <br>
<br>
**Weapons:** Simple Melee. Simple Ranged. Advanced Ranged. <br>
**Armor:** Light. <br>
**Shields:** Small. <br>
**Focus:** None. <br>
**Training:** Survival. Herbalism? More? <br>

## Starting Equipment
+ A Simple Melee Weapon of your choice.
+ An Advanced Ranged Weapon of your choice.
+ A quiver containing 20 pieces of ammunition of your choice.
+ Hide Armor.
+ An animal companion?
#### <br>

## Ranger Class Features
These are the core features granted for the Ranger Class.

### Level 1: Pathfinder
As an adept at traversing all types of terrain, you gain the following benefits: <br>
+ Your Speed increases by 5 feet. <br>
+ You have Climb Speed and Swim Speed equal to your Speed. <br>
+ You can ignore the effects of Difficult Terrain while you're moving through it. (PHRASING?) <br>
#### <br>

### Level 1: Ranger's Mark
You can use 1 Action on your turn to focus your attention on a creature you can see. Make a Martial Check against that creature's Defence. <br>
If you succeed, that creature becomes Marked by you for up to a day, requiring your Concentration. <br>
When you make a Martial Attack against a creature you have Marked in this way, you roll a Mark Die (which is a d4) and add the result to both your Attack Roll and to the damage dealt if you hit. (PHRASING?)
### Level 1: Ranger Subclass
You choose a Ranger Subclass and gain its Level 1 Features.

### Level 2: Trailblazer
While you are travelling, you gain the following benefits:
+ Your travelling party's pace is not slowed by Difficult Terrain. <br>
+ You can partake in up to 2 activities whilst travelling. <br>
+ *Advantage against overexertion? Or just no disadvantage from weather? <br>
+ You can't become lost except by magical means. (Enforced how?) <br>
#### <br>

### Level 2: Survival of the Fittest? Grit?
When you recover HP from a Rest, you may treat a number lower than 5 rolled on your Hit Die as a 5.

### Level 3: Subclass Feature
You gain the Level 3 Feature of your chosen Ranger Subclass. <br>
In addition, your Mark Die is now a d6.

### Level 4: Informed Preparations? Target Locked?
After you finish a Rest, you may choose an individual creature (you've seen/interacted with?) and add it amongst your Training. (PHRASING?) <br>
You also gain Advantage on the Check you make as part of your *Ranger's Mark* feature, provided you are trying to mark that individual creature. <br>
You can only have one individual creature named this way at a time. (PHRASING?) <br>
*You don't have to know a creature's name. As long as you and the GM know what individual you're referring to, it's all good.* <br>
*NOTE: Having training means you can gain Advantage on any Skill where training is relevant.* <br>

### Level 5: Subclass Feature
You gain the Level 5 Feature of your chosen Ranger Subclass. <br>
In addition, your Mark Die is now a d8.

### Level 6: Camouflage? Vanishing Tracks? Nature's Veil? ???
You can use 1 Action on your turn to become Invisible until you use another Action? <br>
Can't be tracked unless you choose to leave a trail. (Enforced how?) <br>
Resistance to one or more damage types? Advantage against weather and temperatures? <br>
*THIS FEATURE NEEDS TO BE UPDATED OR REPLACED!*

### Level 7: Subclass Feature
You gain the Level 7 Feature of your chosen Ranger Subclass. <br>
In addition, your Mark Die is now a d10.

### Level 8: Unvavering Accuracy
Provided you aren't Blinded, Deafened, or Incapacitated, you have Blindsight. <br>
No Attack you make against a creature you can see with this Blindsight can gain Disadvantage.

### Level 9: Subclass Feature
You gain the Level 9 Feature of your chosen Ranger Subclass. <br>
In addition, your Mark Die is now a d12.

### Level 10: Lethal Precision
Whenever you would roll your Mark die, you may roll it twice and choose which result to use. <br>
In addition, your Concentration on your *Ranger's Mark* cannot be broken by damage.

## Ranger Subclass: Beastmaster
THEME: You have a trusted animal by your side, and it is as much of a trained combatant and explorer as you are.

### Level 1: Animal Companion?
You have a tamed Beast creature with a CR no higher than 1/2 as an additional member of your party. *For now, the wolf has already been prepared and is recommended.* <br>
This creature is known as your Companion, and it gains the following benefits: <br>
+ Its Martial and Magic Skills are equal to yours.
+ Its total number of Hit Dice equal to your Level, and its Maximum HP is determined by the increased pool. <br>
+ It gains 2 extra Skill Points to spend for each of your Levels.
+ It gains the Action "Special Trick": Make 1 Improvised Martial Attack and add your Mark Die to the roll. On a hit, deal damage equal to a number of Mark Die appropriate for its size (1 for Medium or smaller, +1 for each size above that). (PHRASING?) <br>
#### <br>
If your Companion would die (which should be rare, I'll use "taken out" instead), you can get a new one by spending a day and 50 gp worth of *stuff*. (PHRASING?) <br>

### Level 1: Loyal Friend?
Both you and your Companion gains the following feature:
+ When an ally that is entirely within your reach takes damage, you can use 1 Action to reduce that damage by half. If you do so, you must also take the resulting damage.
#### <br>

### Level 3: Encourange Frenzy? Let Loose?
Both you and your Companion gains the following feature:
+ *Use ALL actions to AOE?
#### <br>

### Level 5: ???
Both you and your Companion gains the following feature:
+ ???
#### <br>

### Level 7: ???
Both you and your Companion gains the following feature:
+ ???
#### <br>

### Level 9: Soulbound Companion?
Both you and your Companion gains the following feature:
+ *You learn a list of healing spells? You can cast them for free, provided you target your Animal Companion? DETAILS?
#### <br>

## Ranger Subclass: Nomad
THEME: You've always/never belonged nowhere/everywhere/somewhere nearby/somewhere far away. You *exist*, in the most pure sense of the word.

### Level 1: Unknown Knowledge? Unearned/Unleared/Hidden Wisdom?
You learn 1 Language, gain any one Training of your choice, and learn a Rank 1 Cantrip spell. Mark them all as "Unknown". (PHRASING? NAMING??) <br>
After you finish a Rest, you may replace your Unknown Language with another language, your Unknown Training with some other Training, and your Unknown Spell with a different Cantrip Spell of a Rank no higher than your Level.

### Level 1: Unseen Watcher? Uninvited Guest?
???

### Level 3: Take the Unmade Roads?
???

### Level 5: Take the Unmade Roads? Hidden Paths?
You can use 1 Action on your turn to make a Magic Check and teleport to an unoccupied space you can see no further away in feet than your result.

### Level 7: ???
???

### Level 9: ???
???

Commit message:

P10: Rip off DC20
Attack roll determines damage.
Repeat penalty.

p10/class/ranger.md, after:

# Ranger
Hardened explorers of all lands and terrains. <br>
Flexible masters of the adventuring profession. <br>
Ruthless hunters that could track down any foe to the edge of the earth. <br>

## Bonuses
**Class Group:** Expert <br>
**Hit Points per Level:** 3 <br>
**Mana Points per Level** 2 <br>
**Skill Points per Level:** 3 <br>

## Proficiencies
**Weapons:** Simple Melee. Simple Ranged. Advanced Ranged. <br>
**Armor:** Light. <br>
**Shields:** Small. <br>
**Focus:** None. <br>
**Training:** Survival. Herbalism? More? <br>

## Starting Equipment
+ A Simple Melee Weapon of your choice.
+ An Advanced Ranged Weapon of your choice.
+ A quiver containing 20 pieces of ammunition of your choice.
+ Hide Armor.
+ An animal companion?
#### <br>

## Ranger Class Features
These are the core features granted for the Ranger Class.

### Level 1: Pathfinder
As an adept at traversing all types of terrain, you gain the following benefits: <br>
+ Your Speed increases by 5 feet. <br>
+ You have Climb Speed and Swim Speed equal to your Speed. <br>
+ You can ignore the effects of Difficult Terrain while you're moving through it. (PHRASING?) <br>
#### <br>

### Level 1: Ranger's Mark
You can use 1 Action on your turn to focus your attention on a creature you can see. Make a Test of Marking/Marking Check? (unique to this feature) against that creature's Defence. You add your level and one attribute of your choice to your roll. <br>
If you succeed, that creature becomes Marked by you for up to a day, requiring your Concentration. <br>
When you make a Martial Attack against a creature you have Marked in this way, you roll a a d12? and add it to your total. (PHRASING?)

### Level 1: Ranger Subclass
You choose a Ranger Subclass and gain its Level 1 Features.

### Level 2: Trailblazer
While you are travelling, you gain the following benefits:
+ Your travelling party's pace is not slowed by Difficult Terrain. <br>
+ You can partake in up to 2 activities whilst travelling. <br>
+ *Advantage against overexertion? Or just no disadvantage from weather? <br>
+ You can't become lost except by magical means. (Enforced how?) <br>
#### <br>

### Level 2: Survival of the Fittest? Grit?
Whenever you finish a Rest, you regain 1 additional HP and MP.

### Level 3: Subclass Feature
You gain the Level 3 Feature of your chosen Ranger Subclass.

### Level 4: Informed Preparations? Target Locked?
After you finish a Rest, you may choose one individual creature (you've seen/interacted with?) and add its name (or some other distinct identifier) amongst your Training. (PHRASING?) <br>
You can only have one individual creature named this way at a time. (PHRASING?) <br>
*To clarify, you don't have to know a creature's name. As long as you and the GM know what individual you're referring to, it's all good. The point is that only one individual creature is affected.* <br>
*NOTE: Having training means you can gain Advantage on any Test, except Attacks and Saves, where the training is relevant. The Test you make as part of your *Ranger's Mark* feature is neither an Attack or Save, and training would help when trying to spot a creature's weak points. Hint, hint* <br>

### Level 5: Subclass Feature
You gain the Level 5 Feature of your chosen Ranger Subclass.

### Level 6: Camouflage? Vanishing Tracks? Nature's Veil? ???
You can use 1 Action on your turn to become Invisible until you use another Action? <br>
Can't be tracked unless you choose to leave a trail. (Enforced how?) <br>
Resistance to one or more damage types? Advantage against weather and temperatures? <br>
*THIS FEATURE NEEDS TO BE UPDATED OR REPLACED!*

### Level 7: Subclass Feature
You gain the Level 7 Feature of your chosen Ranger Subclass.

### Level 8: Unwavering Accuracy
Provided you aren't Blinded, Deafened, or Incapacitated, you have Blindsight. <br>
No Attack you make against a creature you can see with this Blindsight can gain Disadvantage.

### Level 9: Subclass Feature
You gain the Level 9 Feature of your chosen Ranger Subclass.

### Level 10: Lethal Precision
Whenever you would roll your Mark die, you may roll it twice and choose which result to use. <br>
In addition, your Concentration on your *Ranger's Mark* cannot be broken by damage.

## Ranger Subclass: Beastmaster
THEME: You have a trusted animal by your side, and it is as much of a trained combatant and explorer as you are.

### Level 1: Animal Companion?
You have a tamed Beast creature with a CR no higher than 1/2 as an additional member of your party. *For now, the wolf has already been prepared and is recommended.* <br>
This creature is known as your Companion, and it gains the following benefits: <br>
+ Its Martial and Magic Skills are equal to yours.
+ Its total number of Hit Dice equal to your Level, and its Maximum HP is determined by the increased pool. <br>
+ It gains 2 extra Skill Points to spend for each of your Levels.
+ It gains the Action "Special Trick": Make 1 Improvised Martial Attack and add your Mark Die to the roll. On a hit, deal damage equal to a number of Mark Die appropriate for its size (1 for Medium or smaller, +1 for each size above that). (PHRASING?) <br>
#### <br>
If your Companion would die (which should be rare, I'll use "taken out" instead), you can get a new one by spending a day and 50 gp worth of *stuff*. (PHRASING?) <br>

### Level 1: Loyal Friend?
Both you and your Companion gains the following feature:
+ When an ally that is entirely within your reach takes damage, you can use 1 Action to reduce that damage by half. If you do so, you must also take the resulting damage.
#### <br>

### Level 3: Encourange Frenzy? Let Loose?
Both you and your Companion gains the following feature:
+ *Use ALL actions to AOE?
#### <br>

### Level 5: ???
Both you and your Companion gains the following feature:
+ ???
#### <br>

### Level 7: ???
Both you and your Companion gains the following feature:
+ ???
#### <br>

### Level 9: Soulbound Companion?
Both you and your Companion gains the following feature:
+ *You learn a list of healing spells? You can cast them for free, provided you target your Animal Companion? DETAILS?
#### <br>

## Ranger Subclass: Nomad
THEME: You've always/never belonged nowhere/everywhere/somewhere nearby/somewhere far away. You *exist*, in the most pure sense of the word.

### Level 1: Unknown Knowledge? Unearned/Unleared/Hidden Wisdom?
You learn 1 Language, gain any one Training of your choice, and learn a Rank 1 Cantrip spell. Mark them all as "Unknown". (PHRASING? NAMING??) <br>
After you finish a Rest, you may replace your Unknown Language with another language, your Unknown Training with some other Training, and your Unknown Spell with a different Cantrip Spell of a Rank no higher than your Level.

### Level 1: Unseen Watcher? Uninvited Guest?
???

### Level 3: Take the Unmade Roads?
???

### Level 5: Take the Unmade Roads? Hidden Paths?
You can use 1 Action on your turn to make a Magic Check and teleport to an unoccupied space you can see no further away in feet than your result.

### Level 7: ???
???

### Level 9: ???
???
