p10/class/sorcerer.md, before:

# Sorcerer
??? <br>
??? <br>
Wellsprings of magical potential in its purest form. <br>

## Traits
**Class Group:** Mage <br>
**Hit Die:** d6 <br>
**Skill Points:** 5 per level <br>
<br>
**Weapons:** Simple Melee. <br>
**Armor:** None. <br>
**Shields:** None. <br>
**Focus:** None. <br>
**Training:** None. <br>

## Starting Equipment
+ ???

## Sorcerer Class Features
These are the core features granted for the Sorcerer Class.

### Level 1: Spellcasting
You can cast spells!
#### Casting Method
Choose a Spell List to be your Sorcery List. <br>
You can cast Spells you know from your Sorcery List without using a focus.
#### Learned Spells
At each Level, you learn 3 Spells of your choice from your Sorcery List. <br>
No spell learned this way may be of a Rank higher than your Level.
#### Spell Slots
The number of Spell Slots you have of each Rank depends on your Level according to the table below. <br>
LEVEL: | 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 | 6 | 7 | 8 | 9 | 10 
---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:
Rank 1: | 3 | 4 | 5 | 5 | 5 | 5 | 5 | 5 | 5 | 5 
Rank 2: | | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 | 5 | 5 | 5 | 5 | 5
Rank 3: | | | 1 | 2 | 3 | 3 | 4 | 4 | 4 | 4
Rank 4: | | | | 1 | 2 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 4 | 4
Rank 5: | | | | | 1 | 2 | 2 | 2 | 3 | 3
Rank 6: | | | | | | 1 | 1 | 2 | 2 | 3
Rank 7: | | | | | | | 1 | 1 | 2 | 2 
Rank 8: | | | | | | | | 1 | 1 | 2
Rank 9: | | | | | | | | | 1 | 1
Rank 10: | | | | | | | | | | 1

### Level 1: Font of Magic/Mana?
You have a number of Mana Points equal to your Level. <br>
You can use 1 Action on your turn to spend any number of Mana Points and regain a Spell Slot with a Rank equal to the number of points spent? <br>
OR... After you expend a Spell Slot, you can spend a number of Mana Points equal to its Rank to regain it. <br>
OR... Maybe you should only be able to spend remaining Mana Points to regain Spell Slots as you take a Rest? <br>
<br>
No Spell Slot regained this way may be of a Rank higher than 5. <br>
You regain any spent Mana Points after you finish a Rest.

### Level 1: Sorcerer Subclass
You choose a Sorcerer Subclass and gain its Level 1 Features. <br>
Your subclass comes with a list of Origin Spells. You count Origin Spells as part of your Sorcery List, regardless of their actual Spell Lists. (PHRASING?)

### Level 2: ???
???

### Level 2: Metamagic
???

### Level 3: Subclass Feature
You gain the Level 3 Feature of your chosen Sorcerer Subclass.

### Level 4: Metamagic
???

### Level 5: Subclass Feature
You gain the Level 5 Feature of your chosen Sorcerer Subclass.

### Level 6: Metamagic
???

### Level 7: Subclass Feature
You gain the Level 7 Feature of your chosen Sorcerer Subclass.

### Level 8: Metamagic
???

### Level 9: Subclass Feature
You gain the Level 9 Feature of your chosen Sorcerer Subclass.

### Level 10: Metamagic
???

## Wizard Subclass: Wild Magic? Rune Child? 
THEME: Magic is an inherantly chaotic force, and most are fortunate enough to not be able to tap into it fully. You are not so lucky... <br>
**Origin Spells:** Counterspell/Chaos Bolt?, *Rank 2*, *Rank 3*, *Rank 4*, *Rank 5*.

### Level 1: Unstable Source
After you expend a Spell Slot, you roll a d20. If you roll a number no higher than the Rank of the expended Spell Slot, you cause a Wild Magic Surge with a Surge Value equal to your roll.
### Level 1: Bend Luck
??? <br>
You can use this feature once per Rest. But if you cause a Wild Magic Surge, you may use it again. (PHRASING?)

### Level 3: Reflexive Flux
???

### Level 5: Controlled Chaos
When you cause a Wild Magic Surge, you may roll on the table twice and choose which result to use.

### Level 7: ???
???

### Level 9: ???
???

Commit message:

p10: Big push 2 - Before the playtest

p10/class/sorcerer.md, after:

# Sorcerer
??? <br>
??? <br>
Wellsprings of magical potential in its purest form. <br>

## Traits
**Class Group:** Mage <br>
**Hit Die:** d6 <br>
**Skill Points:** 5 per level <br>
<br>
**Weapons:** Simple Melee. <br>
**Armor:** None. <br>
**Shields:** None. <br>
**Focus:** None. <br>
**Training:** None. <br>

## Starting Equipment
+ ???

## Sorcerer Class Features
These are the core features granted for the Sorcerer Class.

### Level 1: Spellcasting
You can cast spells!
#### Casting Method
Choose a Spell List to be your Sorcery List. <br>
You can cast Spells you know from your Sorcery List without using a focus.
#### Learned Spells
At each Level, you learn 3 Spells of your choice from your Sorcery List. <br>
No spell learned this way may be of a Rank higher than your Level.
#### Spell Slots
The number of Spell Slots you have of each Rank depends on your Level according to the table below. <br>
LEVEL: | 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 | 6 | 7 | 8 | 9 | 10 
---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:
Rank 1: | 3 | 4 | 5 | 5 | 5 | 5 | 5 | 5 | 5 | 5 
Rank 2: | | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 | 5 | 5 | 5 | 5 | 5
Rank 3: | | | 1 | 2 | 3 | 3 | 4 | 4 | 4 | 4
Rank 4: | | | | 1 | 2 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 4 | 4
Rank 5: | | | | | 1 | 2 | 2 | 2 | 3 | 3
Rank 6: | | | | | | 1 | 1 | 2 | 2 | 3
Rank 7: | | | | | | | 1 | 1 | 2 | 2 
Rank 8: | | | | | | | | 1 | 1 | 2
Rank 9: | | | | | | | | | 1 | 1
Rank 10: | | | | | | | | | | 1

### Level 1: Font of Magic/Mana?
You have a number of Mana Points equal to your Level. <br>
You can use 1 Action on your turn to spend any number of Mana Points and regain a Spell Slot with a Rank equal to the number of points spent? <br>
OR... After you expend a Spell Slot, you can spend a number of Mana Points equal to its Rank to regain it. <br>
OR... Maybe you should only be able to spend remaining Mana Points to regain Spell Slots as you take a Rest? <br>
<br>
No Spell Slot regained this way may be of a Rank higher than half your Level (minimum of 1). <br>
You regain any spent Mana Points after you finish a Rest.

### Level 1: Sorcerer Subclass
You choose a Sorcerer Subclass and gain its Level 1 Features. <br>
Your subclass comes with a list of Origin Spells. You count Origin Spells as part of your Sorcery List, regardless of their actual Spell Lists. (PHRASING?)

### Level 2: ???
???

### Level 2: Metamagic
???

### Level 3: Subclass Feature
You gain the Level 3 Feature of your chosen Sorcerer Subclass.

### Level 4: Metamagic
???

### Level 5: Subclass Feature
You gain the Level 5 Feature of your chosen Sorcerer Subclass.

### Level 6: Metamagic
???

### Level 7: Subclass Feature
You gain the Level 7 Feature of your chosen Sorcerer Subclass.

### Level 8: Metamagic
???

### Level 9: Subclass Feature
You gain the Level 9 Feature of your chosen Sorcerer Subclass.

### Level 10: Metamagic
???

## Sorcerer Subclass: Wild Magic? Rune Child? 
THEME: Magic is an inherantly chaotic force, and most are fortunate enough to not be able to tap into it fully. You are not so lucky... <br>
**Origin Spells:** Counterspell/Chaos Bolt?, *Rank 2*, *Rank 3*, *Rank 4*, *Rank 5*.

### Level 1: Unstable Source
After you expend a Spell Slot, you roll a d20. If you roll a number no higher than the Rank of the expended Spell Slot, you cause a Wild Magic Surge with a Surge Value equal to your roll.
### Level 1: Bend Luck
When you roll a d20, you may use this feature to reroll it before using its value? <br>
You can use this feature once per Rest. But if you cause a Wild Magic Surge, you may use it again. (PHRASING?)

### Level 3: ???
???

### Level 5: Controlled Chaos
When you cause a Wild Magic Surge, you may roll on the table twice and choose which result to use.

### Level 7: ???
???

### Level 9: Spell Cascade
When you deal damage with a Spell and roll the highest value possible on any of the dice, Explode them! (PHRASING)?
