p10/class/warlock.md, before:

# Warlock
??? <br>
??? <br>
??? <br>

## Traits
**Class Group:** Depends? <br>
**Hit Die:** d8 <br>
**Skill Points:** 5 per level <br>
<br>
**Weapons:** Simple Melee. Simple Ranged. <br>
**Armor:** Light. <br>
**Shields:** Small. <br>
**Focus:** None. <br>
**Training:** None? One of your choice? "Your Patron"? <br>

## Starting Equipment
+ A Simple Melee Weapon of your choice.
+ Your Pact Boon?
+ ???

## Warlock Class Features
These are the core features granted for the Warlock Class.

### Level 1: Pact Boon
Your Pact Die is a d4. <br>
You can use the Boon as a focus to cast any Spell you know.

#### Boon of the Bauble
Your Boon is an accessory of immense power. It is perpetually Worn as you (and everyone else) are unable to remove it from your body. <br>
You become an Expert! <br>
You can summon a *Familiar* at no cost. The ritual to do so takes an hour. You can only have one familiar at a time. <br>
It is a Tiny creature of the same type as your patron. It has 0 in all Attributes, no Skill Points, HP equal to your Level, and 1 Action each round. <br>
Your Familiar (and you?) can use 1 Action to Eldritch Blast: Dealing one target Pact Die damage (choose type when you gain this feature), no roll required. <br>

#### Boon of the Blade
Your Boon is a strange aura you can use to inexorably bind a weapon to your very essence. You also get a Martial Weapon of your choice to start off.
You become a Warrior! You gain Proficiency with Advanced Melee Weapons, Advanced Ranged Weapons, Heavy Armor, and Large Shields. <br>
You can use 1 Action and attune to a weapon, magical or otherwise, to make it your Bound Weapon. (PHRASING?)
Your Bound Weapon acts as your Pact Boon, and you can use 1 Action on your turn to either summon your Bound Weapon to your hand or unsummon it to the aether, wherever it is. <br>
If you are wielding your Pact Weapon, you add one Pact Die to the Weapon Damage it deals on a hit. <br>

#### Boon of the Book
Your Boon is a tome of otherworldly knowledge that only you seem to understand. You can take a minute to summon a new copy of it into your hands, causing the original to disintegrate, wherever it is. <br>
You become a Mage! And a full-scale spellcaster at that! <br>
Choose a Spell List to be your chosen Sorcery List? At each level, you learn 3 Spells from that List. No Spell learned this way may be of a Rank higher than your Level.<br>

### Level 1: Eldritch Invocations/Mystic Arcanum?
At each Level, you learn one Spell of your choice with a Rank equal to your Level. <br>
If you don't have any Spell Slots, you may cast each Spell you've learned this way once per Adventure without expending one.

### Level 1: Warlock Subclass
You choose a Warlock Subclass and gain its Level 1 Features.

### Level 2: Improved Pact Boon?
???

### Level 2: Improved Pact Boon?
???

### Level 3: Subclass Feature
You gain the Level 3 Feature of your chosen Warlock Subclass. <br>
In addition, your Pact Die is now a d6.

### Level 4: Improved Pact Boon?
???

### Level 5: Subclass Feature
You gain the Level 5 Feature of your chosen Warlock Subclass.<br>
In addition, your Pact Die is now a d8.

### Level 6: Improved Pact Boon?
???

### Level 7: Subclass Feature
You gain the Level 7 Feature of your chosen Warlock Subclass.<br>
In addition, your Pact Die is now a d10.

### Level 8: Improved Pact Boon?
???

### Level 9: Subclass Feature
You gain the Level 9 Feature of your chosen Warlock Subclass.<br>
In addition, your Pact Die is now a d12.

### Level 10: Improved Pact Boon?
???

## Warlock Subclass: ???
THEME: ???
SUGGESTED INVOCATION SPELLS: ???

### Level 1: ???
???
### Level 1: ???
???

### Level 3: ???
???

### Level 5: ???
???

### Level 7: ???
???

### Level 9: ???
???

Commit message:

p10: Big push 1
- Defined how the adventuring skills are used in a more flexible way.
- Adjusted Sudden Strikes and Move Actions
- Changed Rest Recovery

Remaining Focus Classes: Knight & Ranger.

p10/class/warlock.md, after:

# Warlock
??? <br>
??? <br>
??? <br>

## Traits
**Class Group:** Depends? <br>
**Hit Die:** d8 <br>
**Skill Points:** 5 per level <br>
<br>
**Weapons:** Simple Melee. Simple Ranged. <br>
**Armor:** Light. <br>
**Shields:** Small. <br>
**Focus:** None. <br>
**Training:** None? One of your choice? "Your Patron"? <br>

## Starting Equipment
+ A Simple Melee Weapon of your choice.
+ Your Pact Boon. (PHRASING?)
+ ???

## Warlock Class Features
These are the core features granted for the Warlock Class.

### Level 1: Pact Boon
Your Pact Die is a d4. <br>
You can use the Boon as a focus to cast any Spell you know.

#### Boon of the Bauble
Your Boon is an accessory radiating a mystical aura. It is perpetually Worn as you (and everyone else) are unable to remove it from your person. <br>
You become an Expert! <br>
You can summon a *Familiar* at no cost. The ritual to do so takes an hour. You can only have one familiar at a time. <br>
It is a Tiny creature of the same type as your patron. It has 0 in all Attributes, no Skill Points, HP equal to your Level, and 1 Action each round. <br>
Your Familiar (and you?) can use 1 Action to Eldritch Blast: Dealing one target Pact Die damage (choose type when you gain this feature), no roll required. <br>

#### Boon of the Blade
Your Boon is an Advanced Melee Weapon of your choice, imbued with great power and inexorably bound to you. <br>
You become a Warrior! You gain Proficiency with Advanced Melee Weapons, Heavy Armor, and Large Shields. <br>
You can use 1 Action on your turn to either summon your Pact Boon to your hand or unsummon it to the aether, wherever it is. <br>
When you score a hit with a Martial Attack using your Pact Boon, add a Pact Die to the damage you deal.

#### Boon of the Book
Your Boon is a tome full of otherworldly knowledge that only you seem to comprehend. You can take a minute to summon a new copy of it into your hands, causing the original to disintegrate, wherever it is. <br>
You become a Mage! And a full-scale spellcaster at that! <br>
Choose a Spell List to be your chosen Sorcery List? At each level, you learn 3 Spells from that List. No Spell learned this way may be of a Rank higher than your Level.

### Level 1: Eldritch Invocations
At each Level, you learn one Spell of your choice with a Rank equal to your Level. <br>
If you don't have any Spell Slots, you may cast each Spell you've learned this way once per Adventure without expending one.

### Level 1: Warlock Subclass
You choose a Warlock Subclass and gain its Level 1 Features.

### Level 2: Magical Secrets? Mystic Arcanum?
???

### Level 2: Improved Pact Boon?
You gain one of the following benefits, determined by the Pact Boon you chose:

#### Boon of the Bauble
You gain 1 point in EVERY Skill?
#### Boon of the Blade
You can use your Pact Boon to make a Ranged Magic Attack, dealing damage equal to your Pact Die on a hit. <br>
The damage is of the same type as the weapon. The range is (60/240).
#### Boon of the Book
After

### Level 3: Subclass Feature
You gain the Level 3 Feature of your chosen Warlock Subclass. <br>
In addition, your Pact Die is now a d6.

### Level 4: Improved Pact Boon?
???

### Level 5: Subclass Feature
You gain the Level 5 Feature of your chosen Warlock Subclass.<br>
In addition, your Pact Die is now a d8.

### Level 6: Improved Pact Boon?
???

### Level 7: Subclass Feature
You gain the Level 7 Feature of your chosen Warlock Subclass.<br>
In addition, your Pact Die is now a d10.

### Level 8: Improved Pact Boon?
???

### Level 9: Subclass Feature
You gain the Level 9 Feature of your chosen Warlock Subclass.<br>
In addition, your Pact Die is now a d12.

### Level 10: Improved Pact Boon?
???

#### Boon of the Bauble
Ressurect/Reincarnate yourself for free?
#### Boon of the Blade
When you use your Pact Boon to kill a creature, regain HP equal to its Level?
#### Boon of the Book
After you finish a Rest, you may regain one expended Spell Slot of each Rank? <br>
You can use this feature once per Adventure.

## Warlock Subclass: ???
THEME: ???
SUGGESTED INVOCATION SPELLS: ???

### Level 1: ???
???
### Level 1: ???
???

### Level 3: ???
???

### Level 5: ???
???

### Level 7: ???
???

### Level 9: ???
???
