p10/rules/downtime.md, before:

# Downtime Rules 
Not every part of a story needs to be covered step by step. <br>
In situations where we might want to skim over the details, allowing characters to recover and situations to change, we use downtime rules.

## Rests
A Rest is a prolonged period of time when there are no straineous activities going on that a creature can take no more than once per day.<br>
After a non-Exhausted creature has rested for at least 1 hour, it regains 1 HP and 1 MP.

### Breaking a Rest
Taking a Rest is an active choice and if one ends before a benefit can be gained, the opportunity to do so is lost.<br>
A creature doing any of the following will end its Rest:
+ Making an Attack
+ Making a Save
+ Making any Test using more than 1 Action? "Boosted" Test?
+ Taking any damage
+ Spending any MP
+ Travelling a mile, unless fully carried by another creature or vehicle (without driving or steering it).

### Long Rests
If a given Rest lasts for a full day, it counts as a "Long Rest".<br>
When a creature would regain HP and MP from finishing a Long Rest, instead set both to their respective maximum.<br>
After an Exhausted creature finishes a Long Rest, reduce its Exhaustion by 1.

## Food, Water, & Sleep
Creatures need food, water, and sleep to live properly.<br>
For each full day that passes for a creature, it should fulfill all of the following criteria:
+ Eat a ration's worth of food (~5 cc - 5 sc).<br>
+ Drink a flask's worth of water (~1 cc).<br>
+ Sleep a night's worth of sleep.<br>
#### <br>

For each of these criteria a creature fails to fulfill for a day, it must succeed on a Difficulty 10 Test of Endurance or gain 1 Exhaustion.

### Abstractions
If you are in the middle of nowhere, or choosing to not use any accomodation services, you need to explain how you get your food/water/sleep etc. But in a more homely situation, you may assume they are all accounted for by spending money on an approximate Upkeep Cost each day.<br>
The Upkeep Cost includes the price of any necessary supplies or services, as well as the the salaries of anyone employed to manage said upkeep.<br>
The Upkeep Cost must be paid for each creature partaking in the lifestyle.<br><br>

Lifestyle | Upkeep Cost | Service Example
:---|:---|:---
Squalid | 1 sc | A leaky stable, a mud-floored hut, or a literal hole in the wall.
Poor | 2 sc | An unfurnished cabin, a flophouse, or the common area of a greater establishment.
Modest | 5 sc | An inn, a temple, or a boarding house.
Comfortable | 1 gc | A simple hotel room.
Wealthy | 5 gc | A luxurious suite with special perks.
Aristocratic | 10+ gc | Grand lodging, fine dining, and/or personal servants.

#### <br>
*As a GM guideline: The price of a house (buying or selling) is 100 times its Upkeep Cost, and the cost to having one built is 1000 times its expected Upkeep Cost.*

## Other Out of Combat Stuff

### Take a Breather
Any player character can sit down and do nothing for a minute and spend 1 MP to regain 1 HP.

Commit message:

"The Skill Bonus"
No more Skill Grades!
Manual learning (of Spells etc.)
Final Damage Type Names
Lots of talents!

p10/rules/downtime.md, after:

# Downtime Rules 
Not every part of a story needs to be covered step by step. <br>
In situations where we might want to skim over the details, allowing characters to recover and situations to change, we use downtime rules.

## Rests
A Rest is a prolonged period of time when there are no straineous activities going on that a creature can take no more than once per day.<br>
After a creature has rested for at least 1 hour, its Stress is set to equal its Standard Stress. If that creature has no exhaustion, it also regains HP equal to its HP Bonus and MP equal to its MP Bonus.

### Breaking a Rest
Taking a Rest is an active choice and if one ends before a benefit can be gained, the opportunity to do so is lost.<br>
A creature doing any of the following will end its Rest:
+ Making an Attack
+ Making a Save
+ Taking any damage
+ Spending any MP
+ Travelling a league of distance, unless fully carried by another creature or vehicle (without driving or steering it)

### Long Rests
If a given Rest lasts for a full day, it counts as a "Long Rest".<br>
When a creature would regain HP and MP from finishing a Long Rest, instead set both to their respective maximum.<br>
After an Exhausted creature finishes a Long Rest, reduce its Exhaustion by 1.

## Food, Water, & Sleep
Creatures need food, water, and sleep to live properly.<br>
For each full day that passes for a creature, it should fulfill all of the following criteria:
+ Eat a ration's worth of food (~5 cc - 5 sc).
+ Drink a flask's worth of water (~1 cc).
+ Sleep a night's worth of sleep.
#### <br>

For each of these criteria a creature fails to fulfill for a day, it must succeed on a Difficulty 10 Test of Endurance or gain 1 Exhaustion.

### Abstractions
If you are in the middle of nowhere, or choosing to not use any accomodation services, you need to explain how you get your food/water/sleep etc. But in a more homely situation, you may assume they are all accounted for by spending money on an approximate Upkeep Cost each day.<br>
The Upkeep Cost includes the price of any necessary supplies or services, as well as the the salaries of anyone employed to manage said upkeep.<br>
The Upkeep Cost must be paid for each creature partaking in the lifestyle.<br><br>

Lifestyle | Upkeep Cost | Service Example
:---|:---|:---
Squalid | 1 sc | A leaky stable, a mud-floored hut, or a literal hole in the wall.
Poor | 2 sc | An unfurnished cabin, a flophouse, or the common area of a greater establishment.
Modest | 5 sc | An inn, a temple, or a boarding house.
Comfortable | 1 gc | A simple hotel room.
Wealthy | 5 gc | A luxurious suite with special perks.
Aristocratic | 10+ gc | Grand lodging, fine dining, and/or personal servants.

#### <br>
*As a GM guideline: The price of a house (buying or selling) is 100 times its Upkeep Cost, and the cost to having one built is 1000 times its expected Upkeep Cost.*

## Other Out of Combat Stuff

### Take a Breather
Any player character can sit down and do nothing for a minute and spend 1 MP to regain 1 HP.
