p10/rules/general.md, before:

# General Rules: TESTS
The game is determined by the GM narrating consequences of the actions the player's decide their character should take. <br>
If it is uncertain whether an attempted action should result in success or failure, a Test is made to determine the result.<br>
To make a Test, first determine the Difficulty of the task being attempted as a value no higher than 35, often predetermined and noted on some involved character's sheet. <br>
In cases where a value has not been determined, the GM can pick a value on the spot, typically 10, 15, or 20.<br>
5 | 10 | 15 | 20 | 25 | 30 | 35 
:---|:---|:---|:---|:---|:---|:---
Trivial | Easy | Moderate | Challenging | Formidable | Legendary | Near Impossible

#### <br>

Then, the creature being tested rolls a d20 and adds any relevant modifiers. If the total for the roll matches or exceeds the Difficulty, the attempt is a success. Otherwise, it's a failure. You can also decline to make Test without if so wish. Doing so counts as an automatic failure.<br>
Because Tests are made when either a success or failure would be an acceptable outcome, rolling a natural 1 always counts as a failure and a natural 20 is always at least a Baseline Success?<br>

## Relevant Modifiers
A player should never be asked to "make a Test" without any relevant context or comprehensible instructions.<br>
The words used when a Test is asked for normally specify more details regarding which bonuses are added to the total using established quick-reference terminology (For example: "Test of Acrobatics", "Magic Attack", or "Intelligence Save"), as well as which abilities may interact with it.<br>
At the very least, every type of Test must imply that a specific Attribute is being tested. You add the value of the tested Attribute to the result.<br>

### Skills
There are 16 Skills, 4 listed under each Attribute. When you make a Test of Skill (for example a "Test of Brawn", "Test of Lore", or "Test of Intuition"), you treat the Attribute the given Skill is listed under as the specified Attribute and add it to the result as normal.<br>
You also have a defined Grade for each of your Skills, ranging from 0 to 3. When you make a Test using a given Skill, you add 2 times that Skill Grade to your result.<br>

### Combat Mastery
The life of an adventurer is a rough one and fighting is a learned "skill" all on its own. As such, every creature also has a defined Combat Mastery ???<br>
A creature's Combat Mastery is normally equal to 1 + its Level.

#### Attacks
An Attack is a Test made to "score a hit" on a target, the Difficulty of which is equal to its Defence (or Hardness if it's an inanimate object).<br>
They are declared as either Martial or Magic attacks, letting you choose one of two Attributes to add. Regardless of which attribute is tested, you also add your Combat Mastery to your roll.<br>
A "Martial Attack" is one made using either a weapon, improvised or otherwise, or the attacker's own body. When a creature makes a Martial Attack, it decides whether it counts as a Test of Strength or Agility, unless one is specifically demanded by the weapon being used.<br>
A "Magic Attack" is one made through casting a spell or using some unique supernatural ability. When a creature makes a Magic Attack, it decides whether it counts as a Test of Will or Intelligence, unless one is specifically demanded by the spell being used.

#### Saves
A Save is a Test that you are *forced* to make by some external influence. When this "external influence" is a creature, the Difficulty is equal to either its Martial Might or its Magic Might.<br>
Regardless of which Attribute is tested, you add your Combat Mastery to your roll.

## Degrees of Success
There are situations where the Degree of the result's effectiveness is measured. In these situations, the Degree starts at 1 and is increased by 1 for each increment of 5 the result exceeds the given Difficulty by.<br>
(For example: rolling a total of 10 on an attack against 10 Defence only counts as a "Baseline" or "1st Degree" hit. Rolling 15 instead would count as a "2nd Degree" hit, because 15 - 10 = 5 and 5/5 = 1. 3rd would be at 20, 4th at 25, and so on and so forth)<br>
These rules will henceforth use an asterisk to make values scaled by degrees of success more convenient to parse. For example: "2*" means the same as "2 for a Baseline Success, and increased by 1 for each Degree above that".

## Advantage & Disadvantage
There are certain conditions or abilities that makes a Test be "made with Advantage" or "made with Disadvantage".<br>
If a Test would be made with Advantage, roll the d20 twice and use the higher of the two results as its final rolled value.<br>
If a Test would be rolled with Disadvantage, roll the d20 twice and use the lower of the two results as its final rolled value.<br>
If a Test would be rolled with both Advantage and Disadvatange as the same time, roll as normal. Neither will stack with itself, and both cancel each other out.

### Training: Occupations, Educations, Vehicles, Games, & Instruments
Training is one way to easily gain Advantage. If you have any Training in some area, ham it up!<br>
If you can describe how your training should let you be better at a Test of Skill, you gain Advantage on that Test for free! You need only ask the GM to make sure :) <br>
*Examples: Gain Advantage on a Test of Performance by playing an instrument you've practiced, on a Test of Handling for controlling a machine you've worked with regularily, or on a Test of Lore regarding a subject you are educated in.*

## Proficiency
Sometimes you can be more than just skilled, and sometimes merely being skilled is not enough to gain a benefit or avoid a penalty.
+ If you lack Proficiency with a of weapon, you can't add your Combat Mastery to any Attack trying to use its properties.
+ If you lack Proficiency with a of armor, you are Encumbered whilst wearing armor of that type.
+ If you lack Proficiency with a of shield, you can't use a shield of that type to Block?
+ If you lack Proficiency with a of focus, you can't add your Combat Mastery to any Spells you cast through that focus.

# Timescales
To reduce the need for calculations of interpretations, we often measure time in abstract terms:<br>
+ **An Action:** About 1-3 seconds of real time. The time it takes to do something in the heat of the moment. During an Action Scene, the time each partaking creature takes to use their actions is overlapped.
+ **A Round:** About 10 seconds of real time. It's the time it takes for everyone in an Action Scene to both act on their own and process everything everyone else did.
+ **A Minute:** Long enough to last all the way through an Action Scene, but not much beyond that. If you have reason to strictly count the time passed in an Action Scene, 1 Minute = 6 rounds, including the one when the counting starts.
+ **An Hour:** Long enough to last through multiple Action Scenes, one entire Travelling Scene, a Rest, or an otherwise extended period of time.
+ **A Day:** 24 hours. The time you have until you have finished your next Rest (or a point where you really *should* have rested if you didn't).
+ **A Year:** Hundreds of days. Enough to not end until well after an adventure is wrapped up, or maybe even multiple adventures.

# Other Math/"Don't know where else to put this"
Whenever an odd number is halved the result is rounded up, EXCEPT when the number is 1. Treat half of 1 as though it was 0.

Commit message:

"The Skill Bonus"
No more Skill Grades!
Manual learning (of Spells etc.)
Final Damage Type Names
Lots of talents!

p10/rules/general.md, after:

# General Rules: TESTS
The game is determined by the GM narrating consequences of the actions the player's decide their character should take. <br>
If it is uncertain whether an attempted action should result in success or failure, a Test is made to determine the result.<br>
To make a Test, first determine the Difficulty of the task being attempted as a value no higher than 35, often predetermined and noted on some involved character's sheet. <br>
In cases where a value has not been determined, the GM can pick a value on the spot, typically 10, 15, or 20.<br>
5 | 10 | 15 | 20 | 25 | 30 | 35 
:---|:---|:---|:---|:---|:---|:---
Trivial | Easy | Moderate | Challenging | Formidable | Legendary | Near Impossible

#### <br>

Then, the creature being tested rolls a d20 and adds any relevant modifiers. If the total for the roll matches or exceeds the Difficulty, the attempt is a success. Otherwise, it's a failure. You can also decline to make Test without if so wish. Doing so counts as an automatic failure.<br>
Because Tests are made when either a success or failure would be an acceptable outcome, rolling a natural 1 always counts as a failure and a natural 20 is always at least a Baseline Success?<br>

## Relevant Modifiers
A player should never be asked to "make a Test" without any relevant context or comprehensible instructions.<br>
The words used when a Test is asked for normally specify more details regarding which bonuses are added to the total using established quick-reference terminology (For example: "Test of Acrobatics", "Magic Attack", or "Intelligence Save"), as well as which abilities may interact with it.<br>
At the very least, every type of Test must imply that a specific Attribute is being tested. You add the value of the tested Attribute to the result.<br>

### The Skill Bonus
Every creature has a defined Skill Bonus, normally equal to 1 + its Level.<br>
There are various situations where is applied is various

#### Learned Skills
There are 16 Skills, 4 listed under each Attribute. When you make a Test of Skill (for example a "Test of Brawn", "Test of Lore", or "Test of Intuition"), you treat the Attribute the given Skill is listed under as the specified Attribute and add it to the result as normal.<br>
For each creature, each Skill may be marked as "Learned". When you make a Test using a Learned Skill, you add your Skill Bonus to your result.<br>

#### Attacks
An Attack is a Test made to "score a hit" on a target, the Difficulty of which is equal to its Defence (or Hardness if it's an inanimate object).<br>
They are declared as either Martial or Magic attacks, letting you choose one of two Attributes to add. Regardless of which attribute is tested, you also add your Skill Bonus to your result.<br>
A "Martial Attack" is one made using either a weapon, improvised or otherwise, or the attacker's own body. When a creature makes a Martial Attack, it decides whether it counts as a Test of Strength or Agility, unless one is specifically demanded by the weapon being used.<br>
A "Magic Attack" is one made through casting a spell or using some unique supernatural ability. When a creature makes a Magic Attack, it decides whether it counts as a Test of Will or Intelligence, unless one is specifically demanded by the spell being used.

#### Saves
A Save is a Test that you are *forced* to make by some external influence. When this "external influence" is a creature, the Difficulty is equal to either its Martial Might or its Magic Might.<br>
Regardless of which Attribute is tested, you add your Skill Bonus to your roll.

## Degrees of Success
There are situations where the Degree of the result's effectiveness is measured. In these situations, the Degree starts at 1 and is increased by 1 for each increment of 5 the result exceeds the given Difficulty by.<br>
(For example: rolling a total of 10 on an attack against 10 Defence only counts as a "Baseline" or "1st Degree" hit. Rolling 15 instead would count as a "2nd Degree" hit, because 15 - 10 = 5 and 5/5 = 1. 3rd would be at 20, 4th at 25, and so on and so forth)<br>
These rules will henceforth use an asterisk to make values scaled by degrees of success more convenient to parse. For example: "2*" means the same as "2 for a Baseline Success, and increased by 1 for each Degree above that".

## Advantage & Disadvantage
There are certain conditions or abilities that makes a Test be "made with Advantage" or "made with Disadvantage".<br>
If a Test would be made with Advantage, roll the d20 twice and use the higher of the two results as its final rolled value.<br>
If a Test would be rolled with Disadvantage, roll the d20 twice and use the lower of the two results as its final rolled value.<br>
If a Test would be rolled with both Advantage and Disadvatange as the same time, roll as normal. Neither will stack with itself, and both cancel each other out.

### Training: Occupations, Educations, Vehicles, Games, & Instruments
Training is one way to easily gain Advantage. If you have any Training in some area, ham it up!<br>
If you can describe how your training should let you be better at any Test other than an Attack or Save, you gain Advantage on that Test for free! You need only ask the GM to make sure :) <br>
*Examples: Gain Advantage on a Test of Performance by playing an instrument you've practiced, on a Test of Handling for controlling a machine you've worked with regularily, or on a Test of Lore regarding a subject you are educated in.*

## Proficiency
Sometimes you can be more than just skilled, and sometimes merely being skilled is not enough to gain a benefit or avoid a penalty.
+ If you lack Proficiency with a weapon, you can't add your Skill Bonus to any Attack trying to use its properties.
+ If you lack Proficiency with a set of armor, you are Encumbered whilst wearing armor of that type.
+ If you lack Proficiency with a shield, you can't use a shield of that type to Block.
+ If you lack Proficiency with a focus, you can't use a focus of that type to cast any Spell.

# Timescales
To reduce the need for calculations of interpretations, we often measure time in abstract terms:<br>
+ **An Action:** About 1-3 seconds of real time. The time it takes to do something in the heat of the moment. During an Action Scene, the time each partaking creature takes to use their actions is overlapped.
+ **A Round:** About 10 seconds of real time. It's the time it takes for everyone in an Action Scene to both act on their own and process everything everyone else did.
+ **A Minute:** Long enough to last all the way through an Action Scene, but not much beyond that. If you have reason to strictly count the time passed in an Action Scene, 1 Minute = 6 rounds, including the one when the counting starts.
+ **An Hour:** Long enough to last through multiple Action Scenes, one entire Travelling Scene, a Rest, or an otherwise extended period of time.
+ **A Day:** 24 hours. The time you have until you have finished your next Rest (or a point where you really *should* have rested if you didn't).
+ **A Year:** Hundreds of days. Enough to not end until well after an adventure is wrapped up, or maybe even multiple adventures.

# Other Math/"Don't know where else to put this"
Whenever an odd number is halved the result is rounded up, EXCEPT when the number is 1. Treat half of 1 as though it was 0.
