p10/rules/progression.md, before:

# Character Progression
After you finish an Adventure, your character should be rewarded with significantly refreshing downtime and have gained significant experience, depending of the "level" of the adventure. <br>
At the very least, everyone should get a "long rest" where they regain all or their lost HP and expended resources, including things like Spell Slots that can be used X times per Adventure. <br>
Then, the GM decides whether your characters should progress to a greater Level, or if there are more stories to tell on the current scale. <br>
Either way, each participant may jot down the finished adventure as an Experience/Saga/Tale/Memory/Feat?

## Party Sheet
Some stories need not to be drawn out. In such cases it is enough to have the players fill out their character sheets at the given level. <br>
Other times, the story needs to show real growth of ability and experience gained. In those cases, the party are also given a Party Sheet. <br>
On the Party Sheet, the party write down the tenets of a chosen Oath (suggestions are at the buttom of this page). After each session, take the time to review and see if the party has fulfilled the tenets of their Oath. For each tenet filled, the party gains 1 XP *(up to 5)*. The XP-track on the sheet can hold up to 10 without the party levelling up.

## Tales
On your sheet, you have space enough to write down what adventures your character has completed in the form of Tales. A newly made character starts with one; their backstory. <br>
If you make a Check and fail, you may explain to the GM how the moment relates to one of your noted Tales and why you MUST succeed. With the GM's permission, you may cross out the Tale to succeed on that Check instead. <br>
*How should used tales be regained? Per Adventure? Even less often? Special conditions?*

# Grading Adventures: Levels
Your experience as an adventurer is represented by your Level; A rough scale meant to show how dangerous of an adventure you could handle and how great the stakes could be if you fail. <br>
You can expect your party to have to fight at least 1 creature with a CR equal to your level by the time an adventure is finished. <br>

<br><br>
1 - 2 | 3 - 4 | 5 - 6 | 7 - 8 | 9 - 10 
:---: | :---: | :---: | :---: | :---:
Personal | Local | National | Global | Universal 
Your family! | Your village! | Your country! | Your world! | Everything!
The whole building! | The whole city! | The whole Kingdom! | Civilization as you know it! | Existence as you know it!

## Challenge Rating
Challenge Rating (CR) is a scale used to determine how threatening a monster is to an adventuring party. <br>
If a creature's CR = X >= 1, that means the following:
+ HP = 2 * X * Size + Margin (0 - 5)
+ DPR = X * dSize + 3 * dSize
+ Defence = 10 + X + Margin (0 - 5)
+ Hit = X + Margin (0 - 5)
#### <br>

As a general rule, a CR X monster is the greatest single threat that a trio of level X adventurers could expect to take on, or a worthy opponent for a single level 2X adventurer to take on by themselves. <br>
If you want a greater challenge for your party, and/or have a larger party that needs greater threats to be challenged, consider having multiple sets of enemies (3 CR X = 6 CR X/2 = X CR 1) and force the players to spread out their efforts.

### Special CR values
**0:** The ultimate cannon fodder. Its maximum output is on par with 1 basic action from an adventurer, and it could die from a single hit. <br>
+ HP = (0 - 5)
+ DPR = (1 - 2) * dSize
+ Defence = 10
+ Hit = 0
#### <br>
**1/2:** The common threat. As powerful as a single baseline adventurer, in both health and damage. <br>
+ HP = Size + (0 - 5)
+ DPR = 3 * dSize
+ Defence = (10 - 15)
+ Hit = (0 - 5)
#### <br>

# OATHS
Everyone around the table should be on board with the chosen Oath, beacuse its purpose is to set the tone for a campaign. <br>
The tenets usually follow a general pattern of "Did you gain info?", "Did you beat something?", "Did you help someone?", followed by two universal tenets of "being true to your character(s)".

## Oath of Adventure
An Oath befit those who adventure purely for the sake of enjoying every moment of the journey itself.
+ Did you visit a place you've never been to before?
+ Did you conquer an imposing challenge?
+ Did you make a new friend who'll never forget you?
+ Did someone fulfill all their personal tenets?
+ Did EVERYONE fulfill all their personal tenets?
#### <br>

## Oath of Destiny
An Oath befit those whose adventure is not a choice, but an irrefutable duty, determined by fate.
+ Did you find a new clue about your ultimate destiny?
+ Did you ???
+ Did you ???
+ Did someone fulfill all their personal tenets?
+ Did EVERYONE fulfill all their personal tenets?
#### <br>

## Oath of Exploration
An Oath befit those who adventure to find and reveal places and things that are as of yet undiscovered.
+ Did you learn something new about your surroundings?
+ Did you aquire an item of significance?
+ Did you share a story from your adventures with someone who weren't there?
+ Did someone fulfill all their personal tenets?
+ Did EVERYONE fulfill all their personal tenets?
#### <br>

## Oath of Glory
An Oath befit those who adventure for the simple rights of bragging about their deeds.
+ Did you ???
+ Did you ???
+ Did you ???
+ Did someone fulfill all their personal tenets?
+ Did EVERYONE fulfill all their personal tenets?
#### <br>

## Oath of Heroism
An Oath befit those who adventure not for their own sake, but to help others who need a hero's presence.
+ Did you gain something that improves your powers?
+ Did you contain or destroy the root of some evil?
+ Did you save someone else from an immidiate danger?
+ Did someone fulfill all their personal tenets?
+ Did EVERYONE fulfill all their personal tenets?
#### <br>

## Oath of Redemption
An Oath befit those whose adventure is to atone for past mistakes and become better people.
+ Did you ???
+ Did you lay a remnant of someones past to rest?
+ Did you comfort or support someone else in their time of need.
+ Did someone fulfill all their personal tenets?
+ Did EVERYONE fulfill all their personal tenets?
#### <br>

## Oath of Vengeance
An Oath befit those whose adventure is done with the single purpose to bring down a foe.
+ Did you learn something new about your nemesis?
+ Did you ruin something that is of importance to your nemesis?
+ Did you aid someone else who has also suffered at the hands of your nemesis?
+ Did someone fulfill all their personal tenets?
+ Did EVERYONE fulfill all their personal tenets?
#### <br>

Commit message:

P10: Rip off DC20
Attack roll determines damage.
Repeat penalty.

p10/rules/progression.md, after:

# Character Progression
After you finish an Adventure, your character should be rewarded with significantly refreshing downtime and have gained significant experience, depending of the "level" of the adventure. <br>
At the very least, everyone should get a "long rest" where they regain all or their lost HP and expended resources, including things like Spell Slots that can be used X times per Adventure. <br>
Then, the GM decides whether your characters should progress to a greater Level, or if there are more stories to tell on the current scale. <br>
Either way, each participant may jot down the finished adventure as an Experience/Saga/Tale/Memory/Feat?

## Party Sheet
Some stories need not to be drawn out. In such cases it is enough to have the players fill out their character sheets at the given level. <br>
Other times, the story needs to show real growth of ability and experience gained. In those cases, the party are also given a Party Sheet. <br>
On the Party Sheet, the party write down the tenets of a chosen Oath (suggestions are at the buttom of this page). After each session, take the time to review and see if the party has fulfilled the tenets of their Oath. For each tenet filled, the party gains 1 XP *(up to 5)*. The XP-track on the sheet can hold up to 10 without the party levelling up.

## Tales
On your sheet, you have space enough to write down what adventures your character has completed in the form of Tales. A newly made character starts with one; their backstory. <br>
If you make a Check and fail, you may explain to the GM how the moment relates to one of your noted Tales and why you MUST succeed. With the GM's permission, you may cross out the Tale to succeed on that Check instead. <br>
*How should used tales be regained? Per Adventure? Even less often? Special conditions?*

# Grading Adventures: Levels
Your experience as an adventurer is represented by your Level; A rough scale meant to show how dangerous of an adventure you could handle and how great the stakes could be if you fail. <br>
You can expect your party to have to fight at least 1 creature with a CR equal to your level by the time an adventure is finished. <br>

<br><br>
1 - 2 | 3 - 4 | 5 - 6 | 7 - 8 | 9 - 10 
:---: | :---: | :---: | :---: | :---:
Personal | Local | National | Global | Universal 
Your family! | Your village! | Your country! | Your world! | Everything!
The whole building! | The whole city! | The whole Kingdom! | Civilization as you know it! | Existence as you know it!

## Challenge Rating? "Monster Attributes"?
Challenge Rating (CR) is a scale used to determine how threatening a monster is to an adventuring party. <br>
If a creature's Level = X >= 1, that means the following:
+ HP = [2 - 7] + X * Size[1 - 5]
+ Defence = X + [5 - 10]
+ Hit = X + [0 - 5]
+ Burst = ~5 + 2 * X
+ DPR? = ~5 + X?
#### <br>

As a general rule, A level X monster will put up a fair fight against a single level X adventurer.<br>
The greatest single threat that a trio of level X adventurers could expect to take on, is a level X+5 monster. <br>
If you want a greater challenge for your party, and/or have a larger party that needs greater threats to be challenged, consider having multiple sets of enemies (3 CR X = 6 CR X/2 = X CR 1) and force the players to spread out their efforts.

### Special CR values
**0:** Basic cannon fodder, like a commoner or a goblin. Its maximum output in a round is on par with 1 Action from an adventurer, and it could die from a single hit. <br>
+ HP = 2 + Size[1 - 5]
+ Defence = [5 - 10]?
+ Hit = 0
+ Burst = ~5
+ DPA = 1
#### <br>
**1/2:** The commoners greatest threat, such as a wolf or a LotR orc. As powerful as a Level 0 adventurer. <br>
+ HP = [2 - 7] + Size[1 - 5]
+ Defence = ~10
+ Hit = [0 - 5]
+ Burst = ~7?
+ DPA = ~2
#### <br>

# OATHS
Everyone around the table should be on board with the chosen Oath, beacuse its purpose is to set the tone for a campaign. <br>
The tenets usually follow a general pattern of "Did you gain info?", "Did you beat something?", "Did you help someone?", followed by two universal tenets of "being true to your character(s)".

## Oath of Adventure
An Oath befit those who adventure purely for the sake of enjoying every moment of the journey itself.
+ Did you visit a place you've never been to before?
+ Did you conquer an imposing challenge?
+ Did you make a new friend who'll never forget you?
+ Did someone fulfill all their personal tenets?
+ Did EVERYONE fulfill all their personal tenets?
#### <br>

## Oath of Destiny
An Oath befit those whose adventure is not a choice, but an irrefutable duty, determined by fate.
+ Did you find a new clue about your ultimate destiny?
+ Did you ???
+ Did you ???
+ Did someone fulfill all their personal tenets?
+ Did EVERYONE fulfill all their personal tenets?
#### <br>

## Oath of Exploration
An Oath befit those who adventure to find and reveal places and things that are as of yet undiscovered.
+ Did you learn something new about your surroundings?
+ Did you aquire an item of significance?
+ Did you share a story from your adventures with someone who weren't there?
+ Did someone fulfill all their personal tenets?
+ Did EVERYONE fulfill all their personal tenets?
#### <br>

## Oath of Glory
An Oath befit those who adventure for the simple rights of bragging about their deeds.
+ Did you ???
+ Did you ???
+ Did you ???
+ Did someone fulfill all their personal tenets?
+ Did EVERYONE fulfill all their personal tenets?
#### <br>

## Oath of Heroism
An Oath befit those who adventure not for their own sake, but to help others who need a hero's presence.
+ Did you gain something that improves your powers?
+ Did you contain or destroy the root of some evil?
+ Did you save someone else from an immidiate danger?
+ Did someone fulfill all their personal tenets?
+ Did EVERYONE fulfill all their personal tenets?
#### <br>

## Oath of Redemption
An Oath befit those whose adventure is to atone for past mistakes and become better people.
+ Did you ???
+ Did you lay a remnant of someones past to rest?
+ Did you comfort or support someone else in their time of need.
+ Did someone fulfill all their personal tenets?
+ Did EVERYONE fulfill all their personal tenets?
#### <br>

## Oath of Vengeance
An Oath befit those whose adventure is done with the single purpose to bring down a foe.
+ Did you learn something new about your nemesis?
+ Did you ruin something that is of importance to your nemesis?
+ Did you aid someone else who has also suffered at the hands of your nemesis?
+ Did someone fulfill all their personal tenets?
+ Did EVERYONE fulfill all their personal tenets?
#### <br>
