p10/rules/travel.md, before:

# Travel Rules 
A party can spend an hour to travel to a location within a neighbouring hex-space, aka "1 league away". <br>
You may to partake in some activity whilst travelling, such as gathering food, keeping watch, or entertaining the group. But each travelling adventurer may only do one such activity per hour travelled. <br>
A creature can travel this way for up to 8 hours in a given day without any averse effects. <br>
If a creature keeps travelling beyond that limit, it must make an Endurance Check? with a Difficulty equal to the number of hours travelled that day, every hour, gaining 1 Exhaustion on a failed Save. <br>
Gaining 6 Exhaustion could kill you (or at least "take you out"), just like it does in combat. By overexerting yourself, you could be putting your character's fate in the GM's hands in the middle of nowhere without being able to use any abilities. Hot Tip: You generally don't wanna do that.

## Outside Conditions
Difficult terrain is a thing. What takes 1 hour to do in normal terrain takes 2 in particularily difficult areas. Said areas may also have additional effects.
Weather might be bad, especially extreme temperatures. <br>

## Mounts & Vehicles
???

Commit message:

p10: Big push 1
- Defined how the adventuring skills are used in a more flexible way.
- Adjusted Sudden Strikes and Move Actions
- Changed Rest Recovery

Remaining Focus Classes: Knight & Ranger.

p10/rules/travel.md, after:

# Travel Rules 
A party of creatures can spend an hour to travel to a location within a neighbouring hex-space, aka "1 league away". <br>
You may to partake in some activity whilst travelling, such as gathering food, keeping watch, or entertaining the group. But each travelling adventurer may only do one such activity per hour travelled. <br>
A creature can travel this way for up to 8 hours in a given day without any averse effects. <br>
If a creature keeps travelling beyond that limit, it must make an Endurance Check? with a Difficulty equal to the number of hours travelled that day, every hour, gaining 1 Exhaustion on a failed Save. <br>
Gaining 6 Exhaustion could kill you (or at least "take you out"), just like it does in combat. By overexerting yourself, you could be putting your character's fate in the GM's hands in the middle of nowhere without being able to use any abilities. Hot Tip: You generally don't wanna do that.

## Outside Conditions
Difficult terrain is a thing. What takes 1 hour to do in normal terrain takes 2 in particularily difficult areas. Said areas may also have additional effects. <br>
Weather might be bad, especially extreme temperatures. <br>

## Mounts & Vehicles
The number of leagues a creature or vehicle can cover per hour is increased by 1 for each Size it is over Medium. (PHRASING?) <br>
When a party consisting of travellers of various Sizes, it must stick to the pace of its smallest member. (PHRASING?)

# Carrying Capacity
Every creature has room to carry some equipment. One general "Worn" space, and one space for each hand (one "Prime Hand" and one "Off Hand"). (PHRASING?)
<br><br>
A creature has 11 additional carrying spaces, numbered from 0 to 10 (PHRASING?). Each of these spaces may contain one item that could reasonably be carried.<br>

## Encumberence
If a creature is carrying more things than their Strength would allow for, it is Encumbered.<br>
An Encumbered creature has 1 less Action to take each round and can't partake in any travelling activities.
